Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems Third Quarter 2005 Earnings conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Don Witmer, Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Rachel, and I'll be your coordinator today.

At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.

We will be facilitating a

Good afternoon and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems Fourth Quarter and Year End 2005 Earnings Call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer and Don Witmer, Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Anne-Marie and I will be your coordinator today.

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don Witmer, CFO of NetLogic Microsystems.

Thank you, Anne.

And good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our fourth quarter results were disseminated by Business Wire, after market close today, and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at www.netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.

For discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K filed on March 11 and in our Form 10-Q filed on November 8th, 2005 as well as other reports the company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and the company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling item between GAAP and non-GAAP is stock-based compensation, which is removed from the cost to revenue and operating expense line for non-GAAP reporting.

So I will start by reviewing our fourth quarter and fiscal year results, and after that Ron will give you an update on our business and the acquisition.

And then we will give guidance for the first quarter of 2006.

We're pleased to report solid fourth quarter year-end results, as demand for our knowledge-based processors continues to grow.

We saw revenue increase by 6% over the prior quarter and 39.2% over the same quarter in the prior year to 21.2 million as additional design wins ramped through volume production and customers continued to turn to our solutions to enable next generation networking.

Cisco Systems, our largest customer was approximately 67% of revenue.

Alaxala Networks, a joint venture of the switching and routing divisions of Hitachi Limited and NEC Corporation contributed 10% of our overall revenue in Q4.

Gross margin in Q4 was 63% compared with 61% in Q3 and approximately 48% in Q4 of last year.

Improvements in our gross margins continued to be driven by improving wafer manufacturing deals, and a favorable shift in our product mix towards our highest performance and most feature rich products.

Operating expenses in Q4 were 8.9 million, which were approximately equal to Q3, and reflect our continued investment in R&amp;D both in the U.S. and overseas.

SG&amp;A expenses of 2.9 million were higher than the previous quarter's 2.4 million and the increase is attributed to marketing efforts for our new Net Layer 7 product launch and sales and marketing efforts for existing products.

Operating expenses also included approximately 300,000 of stock based compensation for Q4, as compared with $400,000 for Q3.

Non-GAAP net income in Q4 was $5.3 million or $0.27 per share.

On a GAAP basis, our Q4 EPS was $0.26, the difference being stock based compensation expense.

We had fully diluted shares of 19.4 million.

Now turning to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents at the end of Q4 were 65.8 million, up from 60.5 million in the prior quarter.

The increase in cash is primarily the result of net income.

And Q4 day sales outstanding was 20, and was one day lower than the previous quarter's 21 days.

Quarter-over-quarter net inventory increased approximately $800,000 to 8.8 million at the end of Q4.

And we believe the inventory levels reflect the continued growth in our business.

And now we turn to the results for fiscal year 2005.

Total revenue for fiscal 2005 was 81.8 million.

This was an increase of 33.9 million or 71% over $47.8 million in 2004.

Our fiscal 2005 pro forma gross profit, which includes stock based compensation, was 48.4 million or 59.2% as compared with $21.3 million or 44.6% for fiscal 2004.

Pro forma operating expenses excluding again stock based compensation were 31.1 million for 2005 compared with 23.8 million in fiscal 2004.

Our research and development expenses increased 21.1 million in 2005 from $17.3 million in 2004.

R&amp;D was higher in 2005 due to the development efforts related to new products in both our knowledge based processor family as well as the new NETL7 product family.

Net income in accordance with GAAP for the year ended December 31, 2005 was $16.4 million or $0.87 per share.

This compares to a GAAP net loss of $12 million or $1.17 in 2004.

Pro forma net income including amortization and stock based compensation for the year ended December 31, 2005 was $18.3 million or $0.97 per share.

Now this concludes my review of the quarterly and fiscal year end results.

And now I would like to turn the call over to Ron.

2005 was a great year for NetLogic.

Revenue increased by more than 70% from 2004.

Margins for the year improved by 14 basis points.

We achieved a number of key design wins and shipped our 500,000th knowledge-based processor.

Also we made significant progress in the diversification of our customer and product base with the introduction of our NL6000 and NetLite product.

This week we took another strong step forward with the launch of the NETL7 family of Layer 7 content processors and the introduction of the first product within this family, the NLS1000 content processor.

The NLS1000 content processor is the industry's first 10 Gigabit per second content processor that's designed to accelerate Layer 7 routing and network security functions for enterprise and carrier class networks.

Our content processor performs deep packet inspection on every packet, and more importantly across multiple related packets of traffic crossing the network against a large database of security signatures and Layer 7 routing rules.

This enables the development of high speed networking equipment with content awareness or the ability to make switching and routing decisions based on the applications that are using the network.

This improves application performance and provides security against intrusions and viruses.

Typical applications for the NLS1000 content processor includes intrusion prevention systems, anti-virus and anti-spam gateways and application acceleration boxes.

Today the vast majority of content-aware networking functions are implemented entirely in software running on general purpose processors and operate at throughputs in the range of several hundred megabits to 1 Gigabit per second.

However in enterprise and service provider networks, multi-gigabit sustained throughput is required, and performance degradation is not acceptable.

As a result, network managers are often forced to trade off network throughput performance with security or Layer 7 content inspection.

As the industry migrates from Layer 3 or the IP Layer, to Layer 7 or the application Layer, system architects must develop alternatives to avoid being limited by the throughput of these general purpose processors.

The NLS1000 content processor has been designed to enable content-aware networking systems to achieve higher throughput with more functionality without requiring a major system redesign.

The NLS1000 content processor interfaces with the same X86 and mixed general-purpose processors that are used in today's content-aware networking systems and accelerates the complex content recognition process.

This architecture enables OEMs to offer the high throughput required in the enterprise and service provider space without having to sacrifice their large investment in content-aware networking software by porting to an alternative system design.

The NLS1000 content processor leverages NetLogic Microsystem's market and technology leadership in knowledge-based processors, which are already incorporated in today's leading 10 gigabit Ethernet switches and routers.

Like our knowledge-based processors, the NLS1000 content processor employs an advanced parallel pipeline architecture and in fact uses on-board knowledge-based processing technology making it ideal for accelerating content-aware networking functions.

NetLogic Microsystems has made considerable R&amp;D investment into the development of the NETL7 family of content processors over the last -- the past 24 months, which has led to an important innovation to allow our customers to achieve increased performance, reduce system cost and improved time-to-market.

The launch of our NETL7 content processor family represents the next phase of our growth and diversification strategy.

In addition to expanding our product portfolio for our existing customers in the communications and networking markets, the NETL7 product family will allow us to expand our global market footprint and customer base by entering rapidly growing adjacent markets that will significantly increase our total available market.

For example, we are currently engaging with potential customers in security appliance, software provider and computing markets.

Layer 7 networking and network security are two very exciting markets.

They are expected to experience phenomenal growth in the coming year.

IDC predicts the total market for application acceleration and security processing to exceed $15 billion in 2009.

Further validating this growth trend is the strong and visible momentum among industry leaders to address the growing opportunity for Layer 7 networking and security.

For example networking OEMs such as Cisco, Juniper, F5 and 3Com have announced initiatives and made acquisitions in these markets.

And leading security appliance OEMs such as Symantec and McAfee offer network security appliances to help secure corporate networks.

Our expertise and experience in developing multiple generations of high performance packet inspection technologies as well as our successful track record in marketing and supporting tier 1 customers worldwide with complex silicon products, positions us well to emerge as the leading supplier of intelligent silicon solutions for the Layer 7 networking and network security market.

Turning to today's announcement, we are pleased to report that we have signed a definitive agreement with Cypress Semiconductor to acquire the assets associated with its network search engine business.

The agreement was signed today, and we hope to close the transaction at the end of the first quarter or beginning of the second quarter.

We believe the transaction will be neutral to slightly accretive to our fiscal 2006 earnings and accretive in 2007.

The purchase has been approved by the Boards of Directors of each company and is subject to various closings, standard closing conditions including approval under Hart-Scott-Rodino.

NetLogic is acquiring the Sahasra algorithmic technology, which the company views as a critical component in driving towards low-cost Layer 7 applications acceleration and security processing solutions.

Acquiring the Sahasra assets and intellectual property gives NetLogic a four-year headstart in this effort, based on Cypress' leadership position in developing this advanced technology.

NetLogic plans to merge the Sahasra technology with their recently announced NETL7 technology to develop second and third generation Layer 7 content processors, which will deliver even higher performance while greatly reducing power and lowering system cost.

The acquisition also includes Cypress' NSE70K family, Ayama 10K family and Ayama 20K family.

Acquiring the NSE70K, Ayama 10K and Ayama 20K families will help NetLogic expand our non-Cisco customer base and accelerate the diversification of our revenue.

The acquisition of the Ayama products will also expand NetLogic's product offering and customer engagements in the new high volume, entry-level Layer 2/3 switch market, where Cypress has a strong established presence.

I will turn now to our ongoing NetLite and knowledge-based processor business.

We closed a number of new NetLite design wins during the quarter.

Our design win momentum continues to accelerate as more manufacturers upgrade the functionality of their entry-level Layer 2/3 switches to handle more complex traffic.

With the acquisition of the Cypress Ayama product family, we now have a more complete product offering for this market and a significantly expanded customer base.

We expect this market to begin a phase of rapid growth in late 2006 as the triple play requirements of voice and video will drive increased functionality and performance in these entry-level Internet access boxes.

In the fourth quarter of 2005, we also saw strong design win activity for our knowledge-based processors.

We continue to get NL5000 design wins and our NL6000 product gained particular traction.

In Q4, we started initial deliveries of a new version of our NL6000 core, which is customized for Cisco.

In the same quarter as initial deliveries we closed two major design wins at Cisco.

Our Cisco-custom NL6000 offers higher performance, lower power and a more advanced feature set than any competing part of these next generation sockets.

This technology leadership gives us confidence that we will continue to be a strong supplier to Cisco as they continually upgrade their switches and routers to meet new performance and functionality level.

The momentum with the NL6000 at other customers is equally strong and we have numerous customers already designing to our 350 and 400 MHz high performance silicon.

As we enter 2006, several factors will drive our revenue growth.

First, the macro environment as a whole is evolving rapidly in our favor.

The convergence of voice, video, and data traffic on the packet network as well as the increase in the number of Internet connected devices is driving demand for network-aware processors.

Also the implementation of advanced features such as security, video-on-demand, Voice over IP, and Internet Protocol version 6, which is gaining momentum particularly in Japan is leading to longer packet headers and more complex routing decisions.

Finally, the industry is moving rapidly to higher line speeds.

Our design win position is strongest in 10 gigabit Ethernet, which is projected to be the fastest growing segment in 2006.

A second key driver in 2006 will be the increasing support of advanced features that continue -- need to increase.

Let me start that again.

A second key driver in 2006 will be that the increasing support of advanced features will continue to drive a higher content of knowledge-based processors into these large enterprises network.

Over the last two quarters, a number of our customers including the Alaxala Networks, Foundry Networks and Juniper Networks have announced new boxes powered by our knowledge-based processors, which significantly increase the number of knowledge-based processors dedicated to each line card.

We expect this trend to continue as more manufacturers introduce boxes with high knowledge-based processor content.

The third key factor driving growth in 2006 will be the continued diversification of our customer base and end markets for knowledge-based processors.

Q4 was the second consecutive quarter where we increased our revenue with Cisco while lowering the Cisco percentage from 70% in Q3 to 67% in Q4.

This is driven by the rapid growth in our customer base.

Also the end-market for our knowledge-based processors is diversifying as more and more of our shipments are now going into high performance routers targeted for voice, video and Internet service providers as compared to our traditional end-market base of high performance enterprise.

Fourth, as mentioned a couple of times earlier in this call, we are very excited about the emerging entry-level market for the NetLite and Ayama products.

The ability to handle voice and video and cost sensitive high volume applications is very compelling.

Fifth, the greatest contributor to our growth and diversification over time will be the recently introduced NETL7 line of content processors for applications acceleration and security processing.

In closing, 2005 was a year of accomplishment for NetLogic.

We began the year focused on growth and diversification and we executed successfully on both fronts.

Revenues, gross margin and net income have increased meaningfully from the prior year.

The introduction of the NL6000, NetLite and this week our NETL7 family of products significantly expands our total available market and positions us for continued growth together with an increasingly diversified product, customer and revenue base.

The acquisition of the Sahasra technology and NSE70K and Ayama products furthers this product and customer diversification.

We are entering the new year with strong momentum and we are looking forward to continued success in 2006.

I wish to thank the employees of NetLogic for their commitment and dedication to excellence and our customers and shareholders for their continued support.

At this point I will turn the call back over to Don to discuss guidance for the first quarter.

Then we'll open up the call for your questions.

Before we get into guidance let me take a few moments to talk about the acquisition.

We're very excited about the acquisition and are anticipating closing it in late Q1 or early Q2.

This is primarily a technology acquisition that helps to accelerate future versions of our Layer 7 products.

The other products that we acquired and will fit nicely into our existing portfolio.

Margins will be comparable to our current products.

We'll be bringing over approximately 20 or 30 people, primarily engineers that are associated with the acquisition to strengthen our NET Layer 7 product development team.

The deal is break-even to slightly accretive to us in 2006.

And we expect it to be accretive in 2007.

The deal's for $50 million plus another $20 million if certain revenue milestones are hit.

The 50 million equates to approximately 8% of our fully diluted shares.

The integration should take three to six months and we estimate a smooth transition, as we understand the technology, the product portfolio and the production process.

Because the acquisition is not expected to close until the time I specified, the guidance that we're going to give does not include any effects from the acquisitions.

Okay, so with that in mind and also looking forward we plan to contribute, continue to provide guidance in our pre-FAS-123R format and provide you with our estimate for the FAS-123R [inaudible].

We expect first quarter 2006 revenue to increase approximately 3 to 5% over Q4.

We anticipate first quarter gross margins to be similar to Q4 and be approximately 63%.

Q1 2006 operating expenses are expected to be flat compared to Q4 2005.

And in Q1 we expect interest income and other expenses to be consistent with Q4.

Our tax rate for the first quarter is expected to be approximately 3% due to AMT.

We expect non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter, which excludes FAS-123R expense to be $0.28 per share.

GAAP EPS for the first quarter of 2006 is expected to be $0.14 per share.

And we estimate that's a non-cash impact of FAS-123R using the Black-Scholes method would be $0.11 to $0.13 per diluted share.

And finally we expect the share count to be approximately 19.6 million in Q1.

That concludes our prepared remarks for the call.

And now we're happy to take questions.

Good afternoon and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems First Quarter 2006 earnings call.

Leading the call today will be Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer and Don Witmer, Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Tony and I will be your coordinator for today.

At this time all participants are on a listen-only mode and we will be facilitating a

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Net Logic Microsystems Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Don Witmer, Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Cheryl and I will be your coordinator for today.

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don Witmer, CFO of NetLogic Microsystems.

Please proceed, sir.

Thank you, Cheryl, and good afternoon to everyone.

Please note that our second quarter results were disseminated by business wire after market closed today, and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at www.netlogicmicro.com.

Now before we get started, I'd like to point out that during the course of the conference call, we'll be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2006, and our Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2006, as well as other reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

Now a complete reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in the earnings release that we disseminated over the business wire today.

The reconciliation--the reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, an in-process research and development charge, and the effect of a fair value adjustment to inventory acquired from Cypress.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue and operating expense line for non-GAAP reporting.

Now I'm going to start by reviewing our second quarter results, and after that Ron will give you an update on the business.

And then, we'll give guidance for the third quarter of 2006.

Now turning to the second quarter of 2006, we are pleased to report another quarter of solid results.

Revenue for the second quarter increased by 11% to 25.8 million from 23.3 million in the first quarter of 2006, and by 38% from 18.7 million in the second quarter of 2005.

Now revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, grew from 13.3 million in Q1 2006 to 15.8 million in Q2 2006 and that represents a 19% increase.

And Cisco--overall, Cisco was approximately 61% of the revenue in Q2.

Our GAAP total gross margin is 60--our total gross margin in Q2 - this is GAAP - was 61%.

Now, excluding stock-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, and the effect of a fair value adjustment to inventory required from Cypress non-GAAP total gross margin was 65%, which included a small percentage of NRE, non-recurring engineering.

Product gross margin in Q2 was 64.2%, up from 63.8% in Q1, and the difference being continued incremental yield improvement.

Now there's a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Q2 GAAP operating expenses were 13.7 million.

This includes 2.9 million for stock-based compensation associated with the adoption of FAS-123R, which became effective in 2006.

And this compares with GAAP operating expenses of 22.4 million in the first quarter of 2006, which included approximately 2.5 million of stock-based compensation, and an in-process research and development charge of 10.7 million.

Non-GAAP operating expenses during Q2 were 10.8 million compared with 9.2 million for the previous quarter.

Quarter-over-quarter GAAP R&amp;D expenses increased by about 1.6 million, from 8.1 million to 9.7 million.

Quarter-over-quarter non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses increased by about 1.3 million from 6.5 million to 7.8 million.

Non--and that was due to substantial investments in new product development as we prepare to bring to market the NL7000 and the NL8000 knowledge-based processors in the second half of 2006.

We also significantly increased our investment in NL7 hardware, software, and customer support, as we advanced through the customer design engagement process.

Quarter-over-quarter GAAP SG&amp;A expenses remained relatively stable at 4 million during Q2 compared to 3.6 million during Q1.

And non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses were 3 million during Q2, as compared to 2.7 million during Q1.

On a GAAP basis, our Q2 net income was 2.9 million, or $0.14 per share compared to a net loss of 7.3 million, or $0.39 per share, in Q1 2006, and net income of 2.4 million, or $0.13 per share, in Q2 2005.

Non-GAAP net income in Q2 was 6.9 million, or $0.32 per share, which was an increase of 9% over Q1 2006 and a 139% increase over Q2 2005, with fully diluted shares of 21.5 million on a GAAP basis, and 21.9 million on a non-GAAP basis.

Now turning to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents at the end of Q2 were 76 million, up from 69.6 million in the prior quarter and from 51 million in Q2 2005.

In Q2 2006, the 6.4 million increase in cash was generated primarily from our operating activities.

Q2 days sales outstanding was 37.

Quarter-over-quarter net inventory increased approximately $2 million to 11.1 million at the end of Q2.

This was primarily due to the creation of initial inventory position for the acquired Cypress products of approximately 1.5 million, and the remainder is the normal scaling of inventory to meet increased demand.

With the completion of the Cypress inventory build, we expect our inventory level in Q3 to be similar to that of the second quarter.

In our ongoing effort to optimize our operating model, we continue to tap into the global talent base for engineering and operations.

Our overseas operations, including our India design center, Taiwan operation center, and China applications, have grown more than 100% in the first half of this year, and now represent approximately 30% of our global workforce.

We believe that this gives us the leverage to cost effectively develop a broader range of leading edge products and rapidly bring them to market.

And I think you can see by the operating results and rapid development of the product portfolio that this strategy is working pretty well for us.

And that concludes our review of the quarterly results, and now I'd like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Don.

Today, we are pleased to report another strong quarter.

In addition to posting solid financial results, including year-over-year revenue growth of 38% and record quarterly profits, we made several significant announcements regarding our product line.

To begin, we were named by AMD as a strategic technology partner for its AMD64 Torrenza program that was launched in June at the 2006 AMD Technology Analysts Day.

The Torrenza program is the industry's first X86 customer centric innovation platform that allows customers to differentiate and innovate on the AMD64 architecture in conjunction with the silicon acceleration solutions, such as our NETL7 knowledge-based processor.

This combined solution provides enhanced functionality and performance for enterprise-class computing and for high-end embedded systems.

The strategic partnership with AMD allows us to effectively expand our market footprint into high volume data center computing, in addition to our original target markets of security appliances, communications, and networking.

Our NETL7 knowledge-based processors accelerate Layer 7 content and application aware processing, as well as complex network security functions on the AMD Opteron processor via hypertransport interface.

We believe that our selection as the leading silicon partner for the AMD64 Torrenza program is a testament to our worldwide market and technology leadership in knowledge-based processing and to the significant value that our best-in-class NETL7 processor adds to the AMD64 ecosystem.

Our design engagement activity for the NETL7 product is strong across all of our product markets.

We are considerably increasing our investment in NETL7 hardware, software, and customer support, as we advance through the customer design engagement process.

We are encouraged by the reception that the NETL7 product is receiving in the marketplace and by the pace of design activity.

Our sales team, coupled with reference marketing by AMD, is generating tremendous interest across both current and new prospective customers.

We have started shipping revenue-generating development kits to customers and we expect to see design wins for the NETL7 product in the second half of the year.

Because Layer 7 processing requires full--requires analysis of full packet content versus just header analysis, it is inherently more complex and requires much more computing power.

This creates a large barrier to entry for competitive products.

We believe that our solution provides customers with the highest performance and richest feature set for application acceleration and network security applications.

By levering our large IP portfolio and expertise in knowledge-based processing, we are able to perform Layer 7 processing at 10 gigabits per second, or full wire speed.

This provides an enormous customer benefit by eliminating the critical performance bottleneck for Layer 7 application acceleration and security processing.

We believe that our NETL7 processor is the only true 10 gigabit per second solution in the market.

Further, our successful track record in marketing and supporting tier one customers worldwide with complex silicon products positions us well to emerge as the leading supplier of intelligent silicon solutions for the Layer 7 market.

As mentioned on our previous conference call, the Layer 7 networking and network security markets are expected to experience phenomenal growth in the coming years.

IDC predicts the total market for application acceleration and security processing to exceed $15 billion in 2009.

Turning now to our Layer 3 and Layer 4 knowledge-based processors.

During the second quarter, we were pleased to announce the availability of our NL6000XS family of knowledge-based processors, already being designed in at five of the industry's leading manufacturers.

This new product provides the industry's first and highest performance 500 megahertz device for comprehensive network aware packet classification.

The market leading performance and rich feature set of the NL6000XS family of knowledge-based processors deliver the next level of performance required for customers, develop advanced voice-over-Internet protocol, IP TV, mobile multimedia, peer-to-peer networking, and IPv6 systems.

This new product significantly extends the performance and functionality of our NL6000 product family to enable advanced 40-gigabit networking systems.

By employing an advanced super scaler and deeply pipelined architecture, the NL6000XS provides superior parallel processing capability.

It also offers leading edge features and advanced low power modes, which deliver up to 75% lower power than competing solutions, allowing for the use of 500 megahertz parts in multi-chip, content-heavy applications, such as triple play routing.

We are pleased to announce that we have shipped more than 750,000 knowledge-based processors to date, including NL5000s, NL6000s, and the NL6000XS.

We believe that the success of these product families in the market is a testament to our commitment to innovation and technology leadership.

In keeping with this commitment, we made a substantial investment in R&amp;D in the second quarter, and we will continue to invest in the second half of the year, as we bring to market the NL7000 and NL8000 knowledge-based processors.

The NL7000 is socket and software-compatible with the NL6000XS, but supports twice as many IPv4 and IPv6 decisions with the same board space and low power profile.

This new product further expands our technology leadership in the rapidly growing Generation 3 market, which we refer to as solutions that provide full turnery functionality with some parallel processing.

We believe that this market could grow as much as 200% over the next five years and will represent the largest [TAM] for Layer 3 and Layer 4 processing in 2010.

With the NL8000, we will introduce an entirely new architecture with performance up to 1.2 gigahertz, 1.2 billion decisions per second, and 50 gigabits per second of total data throughput, as well as supporting twice the number of IPv4 and IPv6 decisions compared to alternative solutions targeted at this market.

We are confident that we will continue our technology leadership and differentiation with this new architecture as the industry begins its move to Fourth Generation processing later this decade.

We refer to Fourth Generation processing as those solutions with performance requirements of at least 1 gigahertz and with support of at least 1 billion decisions per second.

The advancements in our technology continue to drive strong revenue growth and design win activity.

Revenue at our largest customer, Cisco, grew by 19% as design wins continued to ramp into volume production.

Most important for the future, we had another strong quarter for design wins.

In the second quarter, we secured eight new design wins, including four for NETLite and four for the NL6000 and NL6000XS, including two new design wins with our largest customer.

This marks our 10th straight quarter of equal or increasing design wins.

Turning to our NETLite product line, we expanded our exclusive partnership with Broadcom for our NETLite product family with our closure of two new customer design wins.

The Company has also entered into similar cooperative design and marketing agreements--engagements with other leading merchant switch providers, including Marvell, EZ-Chip, Xelerlated, and Greenfield.

This broad base of partnerships will further expand the potential customer base for our NETLite processor.

The total NETLite design wins in the second quarter was four, bringing the cumulative designs for this product family to 13.

Our design win momentum continues to be strong, as more manufacturers upgrade the functionality of their entry level switches and routers to handle more complex traffic.

As we have discussed, the convergence of voice, video, and data traffic on the packet network, as well as the increase in the number of Internet-connected devices, is a driving demand for network aware processors.

The implementation of advanced features, such as security, video-on-demand, voice-over-IP, and IPv6 is leading to longer packet headers and more complex routing decisions.

The industry is also moving rapidly to higher line speeds, such as 10-gigabit Ethernet.

To support all of these advanced features at steadily increasing line speeds, our customers are turning to our most advanced knowledge-based processors, and they are significantly increasing the number of processors dedicated to each line card.

These industry trends are driving an emergent--are driving an emerging market that is rapidly evolving in our favor.

Our leading edge technology continues to allow us to take advantage of these opportunities and positions us well for continued growth.

In closing, this has been another solid quarter for us.

We recorded record revenue and profits, as well as strong at our largest customers.

We increased our technology leadership in the market with the release of our NL6000XS, and we expect to further extend our technology leadership with the release of the NL7000 and NL8000 in the second half of the year.

We are reaching new levels of R&amp;D productivity, allowing us to broaden our product development efforts, and thereby enter new markets and expand our TAM, as evidenced by our continued progression into Layer 7 computing.

These achievements demonstrate not only our technology leadership, but position us well for continued growth and increasingly diversified product, customer, and revenue base.

Finally, in July, we marked our two-year anniversary as a public company.

I'd like to take this opportunity to thank and congratulate our employees on their continued excellence in innovation and execution.

Their commitment has enabled us to accomplish significant growth and market leadership and has positioned us well to achieve new levels of success.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Don to discuss guidance for the third quarter, then we'll open up the call for your questions.

In regards to guidance, we expect third quarter 2006 revenue to increase approximately 3 to 5% over Q2 and be in the range of $26.6 to $27.1 million.

We anticipate third quarter product - these are GAAP gross margins - to be approximately 61% and non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately equal to Q2's 64%.

We expect total operating expenses on a GAAP basis to be in the range of 13.3 million to 13.5 million, and on a non-GAAP basis to be in the range of 10.3 million to 10.5 million.

This includes expenses for R&amp;D on a GAAP basis in the range of 9.6 million and on a non-GAAP basis in the range of 7.6 million, and SG&amp;A expenses on a GAAP basis of approximately 3.8 million, and on a non-GAAP basis, of approximately 2.8 million.

Now also in Q3, we expect interest income and other expenses to be consistent with the second quarter's $900,000.

And our tax rate for the third quarter of 2006 is expected to be in the $300,000 to $400,000 range, which is approximately 3 to 5% due to AMT.

And turning to an earnings per share projection, we expect GAAP EPS for the third quarter to be $0.17 per share.

And we estimate the non-cash impact of FAS-123R, using the Black-Scholes method, to be 3.2 million, or approximately $0.14 per diluted share, and the amortization of intangible assets to be approximately $0.02 per share.

And all that said, it results in a non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter estimate of $0.33 per share.

And finally, we expect the GAAP share count to be approximately 21.9 million and the non-GAAP share count to be approximately 22.3 million in Q3.

Now that concludes our prepared remarks for the call.

And we would--we'd be happy to take questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems third quarter financial results conference call.

Leading the call today is Ron Jankov, President, Chief Executive Officer.

[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]

 I would now like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations at NetLogic Microsystems.

Ms. Green, you may begin.

Thank you, Cindy, and good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our third quarter results were disseminated by Business Wire after market close today, and a copy of the release can be found on our Web site at netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the third quarter, I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10K filed on February 28, 2006, and Form 10Q filed on August 9, 2006, as well as other reports the company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling issues are items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, an in process research and development charge and the effect of a fair value adjustment to inventory acquired from Cypress Semiconductor.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue and operating expense line for non-GAAP reporting.

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Ron Jankov, President and CEO of NetLogic Microsystems.

First, I would like to note that Don Witmer, our Chief Financial Officer, will not be participating in the call today, as he is away on medical leave.

While Don is away, [Shig Homamatsu], our Corporate Controller, will be acting CFO.

Shig joined us in 2004 as our Corporate Controller and has made significant contributions in improving our internal and external financial reporting structure since our IPO in 2004.

He also played a key role in our Sarbanes-Oxley compliance project, which we successfully completed last year.

Shig is a certified public accountant and has over 12 years of experience working with a number of technology companies, most recently with Magma Design Automation.

He also was a senior manager with PriceWaterhouseCoopers, serving a number of semiconductor companies in Silicon Valley.

Shig will begin by reviewing our third quarter results, and then I will provide an update on our business and guidance for the fourth quarter.

Thank you, Ron.

I will start by reviewing our third quarter results, and after that Ron will give you an update on our business and give guidance for the fourth quarter of 2006.

Revenue for the third quarter increased by 3% to 26.6 million from 25.8 million in the second quarter of 2006, and by 33% from 20 million in the third quarter of 2005.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, grew from 15.8 million in Q2 2006 to 16.7 million in Q3 2006, representing a 6% increase.

Cisco was approximately 63% of revenue in Q3.

The GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 61%, excluding stock based compensation expense and amortization of intangible assets.

Non-GAAP gross margin was 64% in Q3.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in today's earnings release.

Q3 GAAP operating expenses were 13.5 million.

This includes 2.9 million for stock based compensation.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of 13.7 million in the second quarter of 2006, which included approximately 2.9 million of stock based compensation.

Non-GAAP operating expenses during Q3 were 10.6 million, compared with 10.8 million for the previous quarter.

GAAP R&amp;D expenses in Q3 remained relatively stable at 9.6 million, compared with 9.7 million in Q2.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses, excluding stock based compensation, remained unchanged at 7.7 million.

During Q3, we continued investing in new product development as we prepared to bring to market the NL7000 and our 8000 NL7 knowledge-based processors.

GAAP SG&amp;A expenses in Q3 remain unchanged at 4.0 million.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses, excluding stock based compensation, also remained unchanged at 3.0 million during Q3.

On a GAAP basis, our Q3 net income was 3.4 million or $0.16 per share, compared with a net income of 2.9 million or $0.14 per share in Q2 2006 and net income of 3.6 million or $0.19 in Q3 2005.

Non-GAAP net income in Q3 was 7.1 million or $0.33 per share which was an increase of 3% over Q2 2006 and 77% over Q3 2005.

We have fully diluted shares of 21.3 million on a GAAP basis and 21.7 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash and short term investments at the end of Q3 were 84.0 million, up from 76.0 million in the prior quarter and from 60.5 million in Q3 2005.

In Q3 2006, cash flow generated primarily from our operating activities.

Q3 day sales outstanding were 36.

The third quarter net inventory was 10.9 million, compared with 11.1 million at the end of Q2.

This concludes my review of the quarter results.

And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Shig.

We are very pleased to report today that we have been awarded our first design win for NetL7 family of Layer 7 Knowledge-Based Processors.

This design win was awarded to us by one of the world's largest providers of enterprise security solutions and services which is designing a family of next generation security appliances that are based on our NETL7 processor family.

This is a significant development for us because it validates both a demand for content processing technology by tier 1 system vendors in the market and the superiority of our content processing solution.

It is also significant to us because it further broadens and diversifies our customer base beyond our traditional networking market.

We are encouraged by the tremendous interest from both current and new prospective customers across all of our target markets.

We expect to be able to announce additional design wins in the coming months with revenue from these early designs wrapping in the second half of 2007 as planned.

Because Layer 7 processing requires an analysis of full packet content versus just header analysis, it is inherently more complex and requires much more computing power.

This creates a large barrier to entry for competitive products.

We believe that our solution provides customers with the highest performance, richest feature set and unparalled scalability for application acceleration and network security applications.

Our NETL7 processor is the only solution capable of full packet content Layer 7 processing at 10 gigabits-per-second.

This provides an enormous customer benefit by eliminating the critical performance bottleneck for Layer 7 application acceleration and security processing.

Our NETL7 processor provides customers with the unique ability to inspect every bit in every packet of traffic against every content signature, as well as the ability to inspect across packet boundaries.

Further, our successful track record in marketing and supporting tier 1 customers worldwide with complex silicon products positions us well to emerge as the leading supplier of intelligent silicon solutions for the Layer 7 market.

We were also pleased to have recently announced a collaboration with Cavium Networks to offer a 20 gigabits-per-second reference development kit that incorporates our GLQ family of knowledge-based processors and Cavium Networks OCTEON Multi-Core MIPS64 Processor.

The collaborative solution is targeted at the high growth networking, communications and wireless markets.

The reference development kit offers significant power, performance and time to market advantages for equipment vendors developing next generation routers, intelligent switches, multi-service access equipment, 3G wireless infrastructure equipment and border session gateways.

Turning to NETLite, this month we experienced a near term setback with the closing of Greenfield Networks.

Greenfield was selling a packet processor that, together with our NL3180 or NL3280 NETLite processors, formed the engine for entry-level boxes for PacketFront, Ericsson, Accton, [WallWay], 3Com and others.

The combined Greenfield NETLite solutions represented the bulk of the NETLite revenue for the fourth quarter of 2006 and the first half of 2007.

With Greenfield closing, the next major catalyst for our NETLite revenue growth is to ramp up next generation entry packet processors from Broadcom and Marvell in the second half of 2007.

We continue to be the exclusive partner of Broadcom and as such we expect to continue to be the leader in servicing this emerging entry-level segment.

In a very positive development for our NETLite processors, today we are announcing a new low power version of our NETLite NL3100 product family, specifically designed for cost sensitive, high volume applications.

Power is rapidly becoming as significant a requirement as features, performance and cost.

By adding a low power version to the NETLite family, we are now in a strong position to capture low cost, power sensitive designs.

Further, we have successfully penetrated a new program at our largest customer with this new product family.

Moving down to our Layer 3 and Layer 4 knowledge-based processors, during the third quarter we began to experience the effects of inventory adjustments at some of our largest customers and particularly at their contract manufacturers.

Starting late last year and intensifying in the first half of this year, our entire supply chain was very tight, including silicon, package materials and test capacity.

We were on particularly tight allocation with our primary supplier of organic multi-layer substrates for our NL5000 and NL6000 families of knowledge-based processors.

Our largest customers were aware of this allocation situation because of three-way discussions between us, these customers and our supplier, and because they were also an allocation for similar substrates for their own packet processors from the same supplier.

It appears that this supply type has prompted customers to build extra inventory of our products in the first half of the year.

During the third quarter, our supply chain, including these substrates, began to loosen and supply chain capacity now exceeds demand.

With no constrained allocation and shrinking lead times, our customers are reducing their extra inventory.

We expect the bulk of this inventory adjustment to occur in Q4.

It's very possible that our competitors were not similarly affected because a smaller percentage of their products required a high performance of multi-layer organic substrates.

While market demand in most geographic region appears to be steady, the market for our Japanese customers has continued to soften.

As a result, revenues from ALAXALA have decreased significantly from 11% of our revenue in the first quarter of this year, to an estimated 2% of our revenue in the quarter.

Importantly, though, our market share at ALAXALA has not declined.

We believe that we control between 80% and 90% of the revenue for knowledge-based processors at ALAXALA.

We continue to have a close working relationship and, in fact, were awarded design wins for all of the new design opportunities at ALAXALA in the most recent quarter.

Across the board our design win activity is stronger now than it has ever been.

In the third quarter we secured eight new design wins.

Of these eight design wins, two were for the just announced NL71024, including one with a brand new customer, Redback Networks, and the second with our largest customer.

We were also awarded our first design for our NL8000 processor, the first product that incorporates our generation 4 architecture.

The convergence voice, video, data and mobility applications on the packet network, or quadruple play, continues to push the need for network aware processors out to a broader number of points across the network, including the access, aggregation and edge.

This is the result of the implementation of advanced features such as security, video on demand, Voice over IP, and ITV6, which leads to longer packet headers and more complex routing decisions.

Industry is also moving rapidly to higher line speeds such as 10 gigabit Ethernet.

To support these advanced features at steadily increasing line speeds, our customers are turning to our most advanced knowledge-based processors and they are significantly increasing a number of processors dedicated to each line card.

Depending on the application, we're seeing anywhere from one or two processors, up to 12 dedicated to each line card.

Consistent with recent statements by industry leaders, we see mobility, the fourth leg of quadruple play, as being a major driver for knowledge-based drivers in the coming years.

As the industry shifts from second generation cellular technologies like GSM and CDMA to 3G infrastructure, wireless carriers and service providers are seeking system solutions with embedded intelligence that will allow them to deliver rich, multimedia content and IP-based services over the wireless spectrum to mobile handsets and devices.

In addition, the global adoption of IP-based wireless communications and networking protocols such as the hugely successful Wi-Fi, and the emerging WiMAX standards driving the deployment of mobile packetized service such as Voice over IP, video on demand, internet gaming and data solutions to mobile devices, portable entertainment devices and mobile computing platforms.

These trends are creating an unprecedented need for improved quality of service to support the simultaneous delivery of rich content to a large number of mobile users, as well as drive the widespread use of IPD6 to support the increase in IP addresses required to support the growing number of mobile devices and users worldwide.

The net result is the incorporation of significant knowledge-based processing content for the first time in infrastructure equipment for wireless carriers and mobile service providers.

During the third quarter, we've secured design wins in this space with both Nortel and Lucent and we expect to close at least one additional design win at with at least one additional provider in the next six months.

We are pleased to have recently announced the launch of our NL71024 knowledge-based processor for Layer 4 communications and networking.

The NL71024 processor, the first member of the NL7000 family, incorporates the industry's highest parallel processing capabilities to an advanced superscalar architecture with deep pipelining and advanced power management that allows the processor to handle multiple tasks at 40 gigabits-per-second line rates while maintaining the lowest system power.

This enables multiple processing decisions to be made simultaneously for QOS, ACL security and voice video packet forwarding, all of which significantly improve the performance of next generation networks.

The NL71024 knowledge-based processor also delivers unprecedented database capacity and enables systems to provide significant improvements in support of IPv6 protocol.

Each NL71024 knowledge-based processor is capable of supporting either 256,000 IPv6 database entries or one million IPv4 entries, which is at least twice as large as existing solutions in the market.

As mentioned, we have already earned two design wins for the NL71024 one with a major new customer and one with our largest customer.

We are also very excited about our NL8000 processor family.

Our NL8000 uses entirely new architecture which delivers performance up to 1.2 gigahertz, resulting in 1.2 billion decisions per second and 50 gigabits-per-second of total data throughput.

The NL8000 also supports twice the number of IPv4 and IPv6 decisions, compared to recently announced competitive solutions targeted at this very high end market.

We are confident that we will continue our technology leadership and differentiation with this new architecture, and we have recently earned our first major design win for this product family.

This design win is key and represents a very large opportunity for the company.

Turning now to guidance for the fourth quarter, given the significant inventory reductions being implemented by our customers, the closing of Greenfield Networks and the associated loss of near term revenue from our NETLite products, and the continued decline in demand from our Japanese customers, we expect fourth quarter 2006 revenue to be in the range of 22.6 to 23.2 million.

During the quarter, we expect that Alcatel will increase in revenue and become a 10% customer.

Despite the decrease in revenue, our gross margins remain strong.

We anticipate fourth quarter GAAP gross margins to be approximately 62% and non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately equal to Q3's 64%.

We expect total operating expenses on a GAAP basis to be in the range of 13.3 million to 13.5 million and on a non-GAAP basis to be in the range of 10.3 million to 10.5 million.

This includes expenses for R&amp;D on a GAAP basis in the range of 9.3 million and on a non-GAAP basis in the range of 7.3 million, and SG&amp;A expenses on a GAAP basis of approximately 4 million and on a non-GAAP basis of approximately 3 million.

Also in Q4, we expect interest income and other expenses to be consistent with the third quarter's 1.0 million.

Our tax rate for the fourth quarter 2006 is expected to be between 6% and 8% or $300,000 to $400,000.

Now, turning to our earnings per share projection, we expect GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter to be $0.08 per share.

We estimate the non-cash impact of FAS123(R) using the Black-Scholes method to be 3.2 million or approximately $0.15 per share and the amortization of intangible assets to be approximately $0.01 per share, resulting in non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter of $0.24 per share.

Finally, the GAAP share count to be approximately 21.4 million and the non-GAAP share count to be approximately 21.7 million.

In conclusion, despite short term market challenges, we're in an exciting time of our product cycle with the successful launch of several significant new products that meet immediate market needs.

Our competitive position has never been stronger as evidenced by our large number of design wins which are weighted towards our newest and most advanced products.

The NL6000 XS, NL7000 and NL8000 products all have features and/or performance that significantly separate them from competitive offerings.

Our new lower powered NETLife product opens up new opportunities, including at our largest customer, and our first major design win for the NETL7 product family evidences superiority of this product and the demand in the market for 10 gigabit content processing.

These achievements represent a tremendous engineering effort as well as strong company-wide execution of our plan, providing exciting growth opportunities for our company for years to come.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call.

And now we're happy to take questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems fourth quarter and year-end 2006 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President, Chief Executive Officer and Don Witmer, Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Eric and I will be your coordinator today.

[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]
 I would like to turn the call over to Don Witmer, Chief Financial Officer of NetLogic Microsystems.

Thank you, Eric, and good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our fourth quarter 2006 year-end results were disseminated by Business Wire after market close today, and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our web site at www.netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2006, and Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2006, as well as other reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A complete reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, an in-process research and development charge, and the effect of a fair value adjustment to inventory acquired from Cypress Semiconductor.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue and operating expense line for non-GAAP reporting.

Now, turning to our fourth quarter and fiscal year results.

Revenue for the fourth quarter was $21 million compared with $26.6 million in the third quarter of 2006, and $21.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2005.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, was approximately $13.2 million, or 63% of our total revenue, compared with $16.7 million, or 63% of our total revenue in Q3 2006.

We are pleased to report, the revenues from Alcatel-Lucent increased in the fourth quarter and represented 10% of our total revenue.

Our GAAP gross margin in Q4 was 64.9%.

Excluding stock-based compensation expense and amortization of intangible assets, non-GAAP total gross margin was 67.2% in Q4.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in today's earnings release.

The gross margin includes approximately 2% favorable margin impact from previously written-off products.

We do not expect significant contribution to product gross margin in our first quarter from the sale of those types of products.

Q4 GAAP operating expenses were $13.1 million.

This includes $3 million of stock-based compensation associated with FAS 123R.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $13.5 million in the third quarter of 2006, which included approximately $2.9 million of stock-based compensation associated with FAS 123R.

Non-GAAP operating expenses during Q4 were $10.1 million, compared with $10.6 million for the previous quarter.

GAAP R&amp;D expenses for Q4 remained relatively stable at $9.2 million, compared with $9.6 million for Q3.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, were $7.2 million for Q4, as compared with $7.6 million for Q3.

During Q4, we continued investing in new product development as we prepare to bring to market the NL8000 knowledge-based processor.

We also continue to increase our investment in NETL7 hardware, software and customer support as we advance through the customer design engagement software.

GAAP SG&amp;A expenses for Q4 remain relatively stable at $3.9 million, compared with $4 million for Q3.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation were $2.9 million for Q4, as compared with $3 million for Q3.

On a GAAP basis, our Q4 net income was $1.5 million or $0.07 per share, compared with a net income of $3.4 million or $0.16 per share for Q3 2006.

Non-GAAP net income for Q4 was $5 million or $0.23 per share, compared with $7.1 million for Q3 2006.

We have fully diluted shares of 21.1 million on a GAAP basis and 21.5 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments at the end of Q4 were $89.9 million, up from $84 million in the prior quarter.

In Q4 2006, cash flow was generated primarily from operating activities.

Q4 days sales outstanding was 34.

The fourth quarter net inventory was $10.7 million, compared with $10.9 million at the end of Q3.

And now turning to the results for fiscal year 2006.

Total revenue for fiscal 2006 was $96.8 million.

This was an increase of $15 million, or 18% over $81.8 million for fiscal 2005.

Our fiscal 2006 GAAP gross profit was $60 million, or 62%, compared with $48.3 million, or 59.1% in fiscal 2005.

Non-GAAP gross profit for 2006, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets and the effect of a fair-value adjustment in inventory acquired from Cypress Semiconductor, was $62.9 million or 64.9%, as compared with $48.4 million or 59.2% for fiscal 2005.

GAAP operating expenses for 2006 were $62.7 million compared with $32.9 million for fiscal 2005.

Non-GAAP operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation and in-process research and development charge and the effect of the fair value adjustment to inventories acquired from Cypress were $40.7 million for fiscal 2006, compared with $31 million for fiscal 2005.

Our non-GAAP research and development expenses increased to $29.1 million for 2006, from $21.1 million for 2005.

R&amp;D was higher for 2006, due to the development efforts related to new products in our Knowledge based processor family.

Net income in accordance with GAAP for fiscal 2006 was $592,000 or $0.03 per share.

This compares to a GAAP net income of $16.4 million or $0.87 per share for fiscal 2005.

Non-GAAP net income, including stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets and in-process research and development charges and the effect of the fair-value adjustment to inventory acquired from Cypress Semiconductor for fiscal 2006, was $25.5 million or $1.18 per share, compared with the non-GAAP net income of $18.3 million or $0.97 per share for fiscal 2005.

That concludes our review of the quarterly and fiscal year-end results and now I'd like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Don.

2006 was a great year for us, as we brought to market four major new products, broadened our customer and revenue base, established several key partnerships and achieved solid financial growth.

Though we faced some unexpected short-term challenges late in the year, we believe that the opportunity that sealed our growth in the past year is as significant today as it has ever been.

As we enter 2007, we are energized by our achievements and optimistic about our prospects as the networking and communications market continue to evolve in our favor, with the increasing demands of quadruple-play, growth in the 10-gig market, an increase in the adoption of internet protocol version 6, and the emergence of super-3G and 4G technology infrastructure.

Among our most important achievements in 2006, was the introduction of our NETL7 knowledge-based processor for Layer 7 content processing.

The first member of the NETL7 family is the NLS1000 content processor, which is the industry's first content processor, capable of processing application networking and security functions at 10-gigabits per second, providing our customers with the highest performance, richest feature set and unparalleled scalability for the advanced applications.

In June, AMD named NetLogic Microsystems with our NETL7 knowledge-based processor as their strategic technology partner for its AMD64 Torrenza program.

The Torrenza program opens up the AMD64 architecture and allows for collaboration with silicone acceleration partners such as us, to provide enhanced functionality and performance for enterprise class computing.

As part of this initiative, we announced the availability of the NLS1000HDK, in collaboration with AMD.

This allows the NETL7 processor to connect directly to the AMD Opteron processor through a hypertransport link.

The tight coupling between the NETL7 knowledge-based processor and the AMD Opteron processor will allow the NETL7 processor to efficiently perform comprehensive Layer 7 deep packet content inspection and complex signature recognition, while minimizing system bottlenecks in resource utilization.

These announcements with AMD demonstrate the strategic importance of our technology and represent our first major step towards penetrating the computing market.

In October, we were very pleased to announce that we had won our first major design for the NETL7 processor, with one of the world's largest providers of enterprise security solutions and services, which is designing a next generation security appliance that is based on our NETL7 processor.

This lead customer awarded us a second design win during the fourth quarter, as they expanded the use of our NETL7 processor to a second product.

This is a significant development for us, because it validates both the demand for content processing technology by tier-1 system vendors in the market, and the superiority of our content processing solutions.

Turning to our core knowledge-based processor business, we have worked very closely with two of our largest customers to quantify and correct the inventory issue that impacted our fourth quarter results.

Our goal in working with these customers was to make sure that as much inventory as possible was consumed in the fourth quarter to limit the overhang going into 2007.

While the effect to revenue in the fourth quarter was more than we had originally anticipated, we feel confident that the bulk of the excess inventory was digested in the fourth quarter.

As we have indicated in our press release, based on current orders, we expect revenue growth of 8 to 10% in the first quarter.

In a very positive development, we are now sampling our first product in the NL7000 family of knowledge-based processors for Layer-3 and Layer-4 communications and networking.

This NL7000 processor, which we announced in October, incorporates the industry's highest parallel processing capabilities through an advanced superscalar architecture and it has an advanced dynamic card management that allows a processor to handle multiple tasks at 40-gigabits per second [line rates], while maintaining the lowest system power.

The processor is capable of performing multiple simultaneous processing decisions for QOS, ACL security and voice-video packet forwarding, all of which significantly improve the performance of next generation networks.

This NL7000 knowledge-based processor also delivers unprecedented database capacity.

Each processor is capable of supporting either 256,000 IPv6 database entries or 1 million IPv4 entries, which is at least twice as large as existing solutions in the market.

This product also has an enhanced instruction set, specifically optimized for acceleration of IPv6 traffic, further differentiating this chip from competitive offerings.

This new feature is particularly important right now, as quad-play functionality and especially IP over Mobile is poised to drive a dramatic increase in the amount of IPv6 traffic over the next several years.

In another positive development, we also made initial sample deliveries of our newest knowledge-based processor, the NL8000 and we secured a second design win for this product with our largest customer.

Both the NL7000 and NL8000 processors are multimillion transistor designs with an incredible amount of complexity due to the advanced pipeline architecture and performance optimization, the new feature sets and functionality, the dynamic power management implementation and the new interface technology that was used to achieve the 40 to 50-gigabits per second throughput required of these devices.

Despite this complexity, the NL8000 achieved 100% of its performance and functionality targets with first silicon, which makes four chips in a row where we have delivered such success first silicon.

Bringing both of these products to market in 2006 was an amazing engineering feat and is a tribute to our R&amp;D productivity and the resourcefulness of our engineering organization.

We will announce additional details about the NL8000 in the next several weeks.

Hitting our aggressive sample milestones for these new products and getting them to market in 2006, greatly enhances our competitive position.

We feel that our current product portfolio, relative to competition, is now at the strongest point in our history.

As evidence of this strength, we closed a record number of design wins in the fourth quarter, including three for the NL7000 and a second win for the NL8000.

The NL6000 continued its design win momentum with four new designs in the quarter and we also closed two new NETLite designs.

All together, we had 10 new design wins in the fourth quarter and 34 for all of 2006.

This makes Q4 a record for design wins in a quarter, in 2006, a record for design wins in a year.

Now, turning to our NETLite processor, we made significant engineering progress in 2006 with the introduction of two new products in this family.

Earlier in the year we launched our second generation NL3280GLQ NETLite processor, further solidifying our position in the entry-level market.

We also introduced a new low power version of NETLite processors, which were designed for our largest customer.

We received our first design win at this customer during the third quarter and we expect strong interest for this product with other divisions at our largest customer and with the rest of our customer base.

Another important achievement in 2006, we expanded our cooperative design and marketing engagements with Broadcom and Marvell and we entered into similar arrangements with other leading merchant switch providers, including EZ-Chip and Xelerated.

These partnerships allow us to offer Ethernet routing solutions spanning the enterprise to the carrier market, setting the foundation for carriers to launch new class of services based on cost-effective, pervasively used Ethernet communications technology.

Notably, much of the NETLite processor development was designed and supported by our India design center.

The expansion of the capabilities of our India design center was one of our most significant accomplishments in 2006.

We now have teams for circuit design, logic design, layout and software development in India, totaling approximately 50 engineers.

In addition to NETLite processor development, our India design center is a key contributor in the development of advanced knowledge-based processors, including our NETL7 processor.

This global engineering footprint gives us a round-the-clock product development, as well as access to a larger pool of top engineering talent.

The tight cooperation of our Mountain View and India design centers enabled us to launch four major new products in 2006.

These new products will allow us to further diversify our revenue and customer base.

We made good progress in this diversification, increasing our non-Cisco business from 26% for 2005, to 39% for 2006.

We're also pleased to report that revenue from Alcatel-Lucent grew in the fourth quarter, making them a 10% customer for the first time.

Driven by their strength in the carrier edge and metro Ethernet market, our sales to Alcatel-Lucent grew from $1.6 million in 2005 to $6.8 million in 2006.

This growth is an indication of the importance of quad-play applications in driving our growth going forward.

Quad-play applications are the converged support for voice, data, video and mobility over a single unified IP infrastructure.

Examples are voice over IP for cable, IPTV delivered over fiber or BDSO and video delivered over wireless to mobile devices.

We continue to see increasing demand from the carrier space with the deployment of more sophisticated network infrastructure to support the delivery of these quad-play applications.

To support quad-play applications, this new infrastructure requires more complex routing intelligence and significantly more quality of service and security functionality.

The combination of these features is driving increasing content of knowledge-based processors into the edge and metro Ethernet market and is even driving the deployment of our products into IP aggregation and IP access equipment, which have much higher volume.

The fourth leg of quad-play is the port of mobile devices, such as cell phones over the IP infrastructure.

With the advent of 3G, 3.5G and super 3G, cell phones now have the ability to receive streaming audio and video, as well as music, movie and TV downloads and high-speed access to the internet.

The higher data rates and richer feature sets demanded by quad-play applications are driving significant knowledge-based processor content into the mobile wireless infrastructure space and we are pleased to have several design wins, including two at Alcatel-Lucent.

We expect the second generation, advanced 3.5G and super 3G deployment to push advanced data networking equipment with knowledge-based processor content closer to the subscriber, increasing the volume and addressable market for our product.

In addition, research and development for 4G wireless shows even more promise.

The most exciting aspects of the 4G space for us are all IPv6 network and the use of voice over IP for voice traffic.

We expect this all IP network, coupled with an even higher data rate to result in a large deployment of 10-gigabit per second wireless edge router.

Due to the large record sizes of IPv6 route tables, there will be more knowledge-based processor content in these new wireless edge routers.

Also, with 4G wireless, integrated network security will become increasingly important and we expect most carriers to implement widespread intrusion prevention in their 4G access network.

This should create significant new demand for our NETL7 knowledge-based processor family, which is ideally suited for the high-speed deep packet inspection processing required for network security.

Before we close, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees worldwide for their commitment and dedication to innovation and excellence.

Our company was recognized by IEEE Spectrum magazine's first annual patent survey as having one of the top-10 most powerful patent portfolios in the semiconductor industry for 2006.

The IEEE Spectrum is the flagship publication of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the world's largest professional technology association.

NetLogic Microsystems ranked first in patent pipeline originality, second in patent pipeline impact and 10th in overall patent pipeline power in the survey's semiconductor manufacturing category.

We were proud to be included among other semiconductor industry leaders that were recognized in the same category, such as Broadcom, Intel, Micron, Sandisk, Texas Instruments and Xilinx.

Considering our relative size and number of engineers, this is a tribute to the innovation of our employees and their dedication to technology leadership.

We are very proud of our achievements in 2006.

In addition to 18% growth in our revenues and 39% growth in our non-GAAP net income, we delivered a strong year for R&amp;D productivity with the launch of four major new products.

We continue to monitor many positive trends in our industry and to develop technology that will support our long-term growth.

This will be an important year for us if we focus on expanding our design win portfolio and execute on our aggressive product and technology roadmap that will serve as the basis for our revenue growth in 2007 and beyond.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Don to discuss guidance for the first quarter, then we'll open up the call for your questions.

In regards to guidance, we expect first quarter 2007 revenues to increase by 8 to 10% from the fourth quarter and to be in the range of $22.7 to $23.1 million.

We anticipate first quarter GAAP gross margin to be approximately 63% and non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately 65%.

We expect total operating expenses on a GAAP basis, to be in the range of $13.6 million to $13.7 million, and on a non-GAAP basis to be in the range of $10.6 million to $10.7 million.

This includes expenses for R&amp;D on a GAAP basis in the range of $9.6 million and on a non-GAAP basis, in the range of $7.6 million, and SG&amp;A expenses on a GAAP basis of approximately $4 million and on a non-GAAP basis of approximately $3 million.

Also in Q1 we expect interest income and other expenses to be consistent with the fourth quarter's $1 million.

Our tax rate for the first quarter of 2007, we expect to be between 6% and 8% of non-GAAP pretax income, or $300,000 to $400,000.

And now turnings to earnings per share projection, we expect GAAP EPS for the first quarter to be in the range of $0.08 to $0.09 per share.

We estimate the non-cash impact of FAS 123R using Black-Scholes method, to be $3.1 million or approximately $0.14 per diluted share and the amortization of intangible assets to be approximately $0.01 per share, resulting in a non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter of $0.23 to $0.24 per share.

Unrestricted GAAP share count will be approximately 21.4 million and the non-GAAP share count will be approximately 21.7 million in Q1.

That concludes our prepared remarks of the call and now we're happy to take questions.

Welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems First Quarter 2007 Financial Results Conference Call.

(Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Leslie Green with Investor Relations.

Please proceed ma'am.

Good afternoon everyone.

Please note that our first quarter 2007 results were disseminated by business wire after market close today and a copy of the Release can be downloaded from our website at netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the first quarter I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual events may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties please see today's earning's release.

The risk factors in our Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2007 as well as other reports the Company files from time to time with the S.E.C.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock based compensation, amortization of intangible assets and in process research and development charge and the effect of a fair value adjustment to inventory acquired from Cypress Semiconductor.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue and operating expense line for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Shig Hamamatsu, Interim Chief Financial Officer.

Revenue for the first quarter of 2007 was $23.4 million compared with $21.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 and $23.3 million in the first quarter of 2006.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, was approximately $13.9 million or 59% of our total revenue compared with $13.2 million or 63% of our total revenue in Q4, 2006.

Revenue from Alcatel-Lucent was $2.8 million or 12% of our total revenue for the first quarter of 2007 compared with $2.1 million or 10% of our total revenue in Q4, 2006.

Overall our non-Cisco business grew by more than 20% continuing our progress in customer diversification.

Our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 62.2% excluding stock based compensation expense and amortization of intangible assets.

Non-GAAP total gross margin was 64.4% in Q1.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Q1 GAAP operating expenses were $14.0 million.

This includes $3.1 million for stock based compensation.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $13.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2006, which included approximately $3.0 million of stock based compensation.

Non-GAAP operating expenses during Q1 were $10.9 million compared with $10.1 million for the previous quarter.

GAAP earned expenses for Q1 were $10.0 million compared with $9.2 million for Q4.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses excluding stock based compensation were $7.9 million for Q1 as compared with $7.2 million for Q4.

The increase in R&amp;D spending is a result of expediting the production qualification and characterization for the NL7000 and NL8000 processor, which are occurring earlier than expected due to first pass silicon success.

The first pass silicon success of the NL7000 and NL8000 processors has also expedited the tape out of our next chip, which will be on a 65 nanometer node.

We also had a higher than expected cost in Q1 for IP needed for the 65 nanometer product.

GAAP SG&amp;A expenses for Q1 remained relatively stable at $4.0 million compared with $3.9 million for Q4.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses excluding stock based compensation were $3.0 million for Q1 as compared with $2.9 million for Q4.

On a GAAP basis our Q1 net income was $1.6 million or $0.08 per share compared with a net income $1.15 million or $0.07 per share for Q4 2006.

Non-GAAP net income for Q1 was $5.2 million or $0.24 per share compared with $5.0 million or $0.23 per share for Q4, 2006.

We had fully diluted shares or 21.4 million on a GAAP basis and 21.7 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet cash and short term investments at the end of Q1 were $95.9 million, up from $89.9 million in the prior quarter.

In Q1, 2007 cash was generated primarily from our operating activities.

Q1 day sales outstanding were 32.

The first quarter net inventory was 9.8 million compared with 10.7 million at the end of Q4 based on higher than expected revenue.

This concludes my review of the quarter results and now I'd like to turn the call over to Ron.

The first quarter was a very good quarter for us.

in addition to exceeding our revenue projection for the quarter and increasing our cash position our new products performed exceptionally well in customer system environments.

Both the NL7000 and NL8000 knowledge based processors hit their functionality and performance targets with first pass silicon, a tremendous achievement that will allow us to bring these new products to production on an expedited schedule.

These products surpassed the technical capabilities of competitive solutions and extend our leadership in supplying knowledge based processors to several emerging new markets such as voice over IP, IPTV and advanced mobile wireless infrastructure.

In addition to the markets that have driven the demand for our products for the last several years including Triple Play, 10 gigabit Ethernet and the enterprise infrastructure market.

All of our markets appear primed for strong growth over the next several years.

Starting with 10 gigabit Ethernet this market is rapidly becoming an important driver of our growth.

10 gigabit Ethernet represented approximately 2% of the port shipments last year held back by the high cost of 10 gigabit optics.

Over the last several quarters, however, the cost of 10 gigabit optics has begun to decline significantly and it appears that this coupled with a dramatic increase in IP bandwidth usage are providing the catalyst for this market to grow more substantially in 2007.

This trend is being driven by a rapid increase in voice over IP via cable companies and Triple Play and Telecom carriers and for enterprise upgrades and companies are moving more supply chain management and customer interface to web based applications as well as upgrading offices to support IP phones and IP video.

As an example of the momentum of the enterprise upgraded 10 gigabit Ethernet, Foundry reported last quarter for Q4 that sales of their high end boxes grew 100% in the fourth quarter of 2006 over the prior quarter.

Per Foundry's press release today, the high end Netiron XMR and MLX MPLS routers again showed strong growth in the first quarter.

Our sales to Force Ten, a private company focused on 10 gigabit Ethernet, continue to grow strongly.

We also announced that our NL6000 knowledge based processor family has been selected for ALAXALA Network's recently announced AX6300S and AX6700S 10 gigabit switches.

These new switches represent ALAXALA's entry into the enterprise market in Japan and will offer incremental business to our earlier design wins at ALAXALA.

ALAXALA is a joint venture between Hitachi and NEC focused on providing the most advanced switches and routers to corporations and telecom carriers in Japan and throughout the rest of Asia.

We are the exclusive supplier of knowledge based processors for 10 gigabit equipment at Foundry, Force 10 and ALAXALA.

With this strong growth Foundry was a 5% customer in the first quarter and we expect further growth with Foundry this quarter.

Force 10 has the potential to reach the 5% level later this year.

Sales also increased at our largest enterprise customer Cisco.

Also, our design momentum at Cisco was significantly enhanced in the first quarter with first revenue shipments of our NL7000 and NL8000 knowledge based processors.

The NL8000 has now completed four months of intensive validation in Cisco equipment and the conclusion is that first silicon delivers 100% of the targeted functionality with high yields to Cisco's highest performance targets.

Considering that this chip contains hundreds of millions of high-speed logic transistors and a highly complex functional specification, it is a remarkable achievement that this part is so successful with first silicon.

I really want to thank our engineering and operations organizations for making this happen.

This will allow us to move into volume production within the next several months, our fastest transition to date in moving from first silicon tape out to volume production.

We are very proud of this achievement.

We have also recently added a third design win at Cisco for the NL8000 and we expect to continue to add design wins throughout 2007.

This fourth generation product supports half a million IPPV 4 entries which is double the capability of competitive Gen4 products.

NL8000 also supports up to 40 gig of bandwidth and can process 1.2 billion decisions per second on over 500,000 IPP4 for forwarding, quality of service and/or access control list entries.

It achieves new levels of parallel processing performance through a patented dual core technology and a first of its kind ability to parse decisions into 64 unique processing elements.

This capability to execute multiple parallel decisions during a single core clock cycle combined with our highly pipelined synchronous cross connect busing scheme enables customers to deploy 100 gigabit per second ASIC, switches and network processors.

We also made first revenue shipment to Cisco for NL7000 knowledge based processors to three separate design wins, which are leveraging the density, low power and advanced instruction set of the NL7000.

Design wins at Cisco for the NL7000 are particularly important because the NL7000 is a very unique product for which there is no current competition.

Turning now to voiceover IP, we believe that this market is clearly entering a strong phase of growth.

As evidence of this Comcast has announced a dramatic 24% increase in capital expenditures for 2007 with a significant portion earmarked for CMTS equipment that enables high quality voice to be delivered to their cable customers.

Comcast expects to increase their voiceover IP subscribers by 73% in 2007 adding 2.6 million new subscribers in 2007 versus 1.5 million in 2006.

The other cable companies have similarly aggressive plans to add voice subscribers.

The result is that our business with advanced CMTS equipment manufacturers is seeing strong growth.

Airis, another customer where we are the exclusive supplier of knowledge based processors is a key supplier to Comcast for supporting voiceover IP and CMTS equipment.

With this strong build out by Comcast and others we are seeing a strong increase in our business with Airis this year giving the potential to approach 5% of our quarterly revenues in 2007.

In addition to Airis we have significant programs with Motorola with Airis's CMTS voiceover IP equipment, which expect to ramp later in 2007.

When Motorola reaches full volume production voiceover IP for cable has the potential to generate as much as 10% of our revenue.

The market that had the potential to be the strongest growth driver over the next several years is Triple Play and IPTV.

iSupply predicts that IPTV subscribers will increase worldwide from 3.9 million in 2006 to 103 million in 2011, which translates to 92.5% compound annual growth rate.

As evidence of IPTV's impact on us, our business with Alcatel-Lucent, a leading supplier of IPTV infrastructure, has grown significantly over the last 12 months from only 1.5 million for all of 2005 to 2.8 million in Q1 2007.

For Q1 2007 Alcatel-Lucent represented 12% of our sales demonstrating the extent of our deployment across their product line, from multiple high-end access boxes to metro aggregation, metro edge and transport switch equipment.

We're the exclusive supplier to Alcatel-Lucent in the key metro aggregation and metro edge segments.

We also continue to see growth in our revenues with Juniper Networks driven by strong sales of Juniper's E320 metro aggregation and metro edge routers where we are again the exclusive supplier of knowledge based processors.

Based on current trends we expect Juniper Networks to be a greater than 5% customer in the second quarter.

We also continue to be the exclusive supplier to ALAXALA Networks for their IPTV infrastructure equipment targeted to the Japan and Asian markets.

We continually expect that NTT of Japan will resume its capital spending in the second half of 2007 resulting in renewed growth of our revenues from ALAXALA.

Our largest China based customer Huawei Technologies completed their work down of inventory in Q1 as expected.

Huawei is making a strong play in IPTV infrastructure for China in addition to their current strength in enterprise, edge and core routing and we expect them to be a 5% customer in the second quarter.

In total, the carrier side of our business has grown quite substantially over the past year as evidenced by the strong base of carriers worldwide who are now purchasing equipment that includes our knowledge based processors.

These carriers include AT&amp;T Cingular, British Telecom, Cable and Wireless, China Telecom, Deutsche Telecom, France Telecom, Korea Telecom, NTT, PCCW, SingTel, Telecom Italia, Telefonica, TELUS, Verizon and Verizon Wireless.

We further solidified our position in IPTV infrastructure in the first quarter when first revenue shipments of our NL7000 knowledge-based processor to 6 customers covering 8 unique products.

This chip can support over 1 million quality of service and/or access control entries, while delivering a [perk] entry power reduction of greater than 30% versus any other chip on the market including our own industry leading NL6000.

We have also added a new set of instructions specifically designed to enhance the parallel processing capability of this architecture when handling IPV6 packets.

This added performance in functionality is extremely important in IPTV applications, with a high bandwidth and quality of service requirements for video drive the need for the most advanced knowledge-based processors.

The rapid adoption of the NL7000 by the leaders in the development of IPTV infrastructure is evidence of the perfect match between the specifications of the NL7000 and the needs of the IPTV infrastructure market.

As mentioned, one of the key features of the NL7000 is its new instruction set to accelerate the processing of IPV6 packets.

The industry in now taking its first tentative steps towards enabling more traffic to be routed with version 6 protocol packet headers.

Version 6 protocol has many advantages over version 4.

First, it will expand the total number of Internet nodes from 4.3 billion nodes to essentially infinite.

Second, it offers significantly more granularity and functionality relative to quality of service for voice and video.

Third, in the greatly expanded field for providing additional security for access control lists, commercial private networks and virtual LANs.

The important effect of this industry migration for us is that IBD6 headers are 300 to 600 bits in length versus 60 to 150 bits per IBD4 and this required a much higher performance and more functionality to support the larger and more complex keys at 10 gigabit wire speed.

The NL7000 and NL8000 are the right products at the right time to support IPV6.

One of the biggest drivers pushing the industry from version 4 protocol to version 6 protocol is the emergence of the fourth leg of quad play, which is the support of high bandwidth video, data and Internet search capability for mobile devices using the converged IP infrastructure.

The addition of IP connected mobile devices we used up the remaining IPTV four addresses, as well as required a more advanced quality of service and security that version 6 protocol provides.

The momentum into this new market of advanced mobile wireless infrastructure equipment continues and we now have more than 10 design wins up from none at this time last year.

This included a design in win in Datung Mobile Communications third generation TDFCDMA network solutions that will be deployed by China Mobile as part of China Mobile's network expansion program.

Our NL7000 and NL8000 product are ideally suited for this market.

In fact, the same product capabilities that vaulted us into a leadership position for our wire line IPTV have also put us in a leadership position to supply the rapidly developing upgrade of mobile wireless infrastructure to a converged IP based platform.

Specifically, our knowledge-based processors have the ability to support millions of unique high quality video streams that require individual support and individualized quality of service with very high bandwidth.

The upgrade of the mobile wireless infrastructure market will be driven by the addition of support for metro Wi-Fi, WiMAX and other mobile standards such as EVDO and TDSCDMA.

This will drive the capability for orders of magnitude increases in video traffic to mobile devices.

Products such as Apples iPhone, Nokia's N95 video phone and other new video phones that are coming from Ericsson, Motorola and others will start to drive this trend in 2007.

We currently have design wins into the mobile advanced wireless infrastructure that will support these new video phones, including design wins at Alcatel-Lucent, Datung Mobile, Ericsson, Motorola, Nokia Siemens, Fujitsu and Arvana.

We are also engaged with nearly all of the major players in this space and expect to have more design wins in 2007.

We are poised to benefit from the rapid growth in this huge new market without being subject to the low gross margin and rapid redesign cycles of products that in the phones themselves.

Now turning to NETLite, we were awarded three design wins in the first quarter including our second design win at Cisco Systems and we recorded a few hundred thousand dollars in revenue in the first quarter, marking our first significant revenues in this important new entry level market.

In fact, we are very pleased to report that Huawei 3Com who had then customered through our former partner, Greenfield Networks, is back as a customer through our partnership with EasyChip.

We expect other initial design wins to ramp through the year allowing us to hit our NETLite revenue targets for 2007.

Also, we delivered the first 1,000 unit quantities of our low power NETLite product at Cisco and we look forward to that program ramping toward the end of 2007.

Now turning to NETL7, the first quarter of 2007 was the first quarter in which revenue from our NETL7 family exceeded $100,000.

We are pleased to report that our design wins for NETL7 continue to move forward towards volume production.

Also, our lead customer for NETL7 awarded us three additional design wins bringing our total with this customer to five further solidifying this relationship.

With these new design wins our products are now represented in a broad range of end products spanning multiple levels of performance and functionality.

During the first quarter we also showcased the NETL7 processor in collaboration with AMD at two conferences, the 3GSM World Congress in Barcelona and the RSA Conference in San Francisco.

There continues to be very strong interest from numerous potential customers for the new infrastructure platform we expect to make available within the next three months.

This new platform will include production capable compilers and software drivers to significantly decrease the amount of engineering resources required by us and our customers to productize a NETL7 based solution.

This will allow us to engage with a much broader set of customers and help bring these customers to volume production in a more expedited manner.

The [CAM] for this market continues to expand as the need increases for securing corporate databases, securing data centers used for mission critical Web based applications, accelerating Web based applications, load balancing and in general providing intrusion prevention and virus scanning for the whole array of products and applications depending on IP infrastructure and packet based processing.

In closing, this was a great quarter with 11% revenue growth and a $6 million increase in our cash and investments.

Most importantly, we also saw the NL7000 and NL8000 validated in multiple customer system environments.

The success of first silicon for both of these devices is a great tribute to the dedication and excellence of our engineering and operations organizations.

We expect that the continued acceptance of these new products combined with the success of earlier generations of our knowledge-based processor families and the ramp of revenues from our NETLite and NETL7 product families will drive our revenue growth in 2007 and for years to come.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Shig to discuss guidance for the second quarter.

Then we'll open up the call to your questions.

We expect second quarter 2007 revenue to increase by 8 to 10% for the first quarter and to be in the range of $25.3 to $25.7 million.

The strengths in our business is well based, as we expect our non-Cisco revenues to again increase by more than 20% continuing our progress in customer diversification.

We anticipate second quarter GAAP gross margins to be 63% and non-GAAP gross margins to be 65%.

On the expense side, our first pass silicon success with both the NL7000 and NL8000 has allowed us to pull in our schedule for our first 65 nanometer node tape out into the second quarter.

This coupled with the remainder of qualification expenses for the NL7000 and NL8000 is expected to lead to a peak in R&amp;D expenses in Q2.

Therefore, we expect total operating expenses on a GAAP basis to be in the range of $14.6 million to $14.8 million and on a non-GAAP basis to be in the range of $11.9 million to $11.7 million.

This includes expenses for R&amp;D on a GAAP basis in the range of $10.6 million and on a non-GAAP basis in the range of $8.5 million and SG&amp;A expenses on a GAAP basis of approximately $4.1 million and on a non-GAAP basis of approximately $3.1 million.

Also in Q2 we expect interest income and other expenses to be consistent with our first quarter's $1.1 million.

Our tax expense for the second quarter 2007 is expected to be $300,000 to $400,000.

Now turning to our earnings per share projection, we expect GAAP EPS for the second quarter to be $0.09 per share.

We estimate the non-cash impact of FAS123R to be approximately $3.3 million or $0.15 per diluted share and the amortization of intangible assets to be approximately $0.02 per share resulting in a non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter of $0.26 per share.

Finally, we expect the GAAP share count to be approximately 21.8 million and the non-GAAP share count to be approximately 22.1 million in Q2.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call and now we are happy to take questions.

Good afternoon and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems second quarter 2007 financial results conference call.

Leading this call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Shig Hamamatsu, Corporate Controller.

My name is Michelle and I will be your coordinator today.

(operator instructions)
 I would now like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations for NetLogic Microsystems.

Please proceed, ma'am.

Thank you, Michelle, and good afternoon everyone.

Please note that our second quarter 2007 results were disseminated by business wire after market close today and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at NetLogicMicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the second quarter, I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call we will be making forward looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors, and our form 10-K filed on March 2, 2007, as well as other reports the company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward looking statements for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also, on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets in in-process research and development charge, and the effect of a fair market value adjustment to inventory acquired from Cypress Semiconductor.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue and operating expense line for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Ron Jankov.

Thank you, Leslie.

Before we begin I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Mike Tate to the company.

Mike brings a wealth of financial experience to the company, as well as strong industry knowledge and a successful track record of managing significant growth at one of the largest fabless semiconductor companies.

We look forward to drawing upon his expertise as we prepare to embark on a new phase of growth.

I would also like to express my thanks to Shig Hamamatsu, our Corporate Controller, who has done an exceptional job as our interim CFO and we are all very grateful to him for his dedication and service to the company.

I will now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our second quarter results.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported that revenue for the second quarter of 2007 was $25.8 million, a sequential increase of 10.4% from $23.4 million for the first quarter of 2007.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, was approximately $13.1 million, or 51% of our total revenue, compared with $13.9 million, or 59% of our total revenue for Q1 2007.

Revenue from Alcatel-Lucent was $2.6 million, or 10% of our total revenue for the second quarter of 2007, compared with $2.8 million, or 12% of our total revenue for Q1 2007.

Revenue from Alcatel-Lucent was constrained in the second quarter as a result of limited supply of third party ASIC products that work in conjunction with our knowledge based processors.

This supply issue has been resolved resulting in a strong July, and we expect our revenues with Alcatel-Lucent to grow in the third quarter.

Despite the slow with Alcatel-Lucent, overall our non-Cisco business grew by more than 30%, continuing our progress in customer diversification.

This increase was broad-based with strong growth from Foundry, Juniper, Force10, Huawei, and ARRIS.

Our GAAP gross margin for Q2 was 64%.

Excluding stock-based compensation expense and amortization of intangible assets, non-GAAP total gross margin was 66% for Q2.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Our Q2 gross margin reflects our continued strong manufacturing execution, as well as a small benefit from the sale of previously reserved products.

Q2 GAAP operating expenses were $15.4 million.

This includes $3.4 million of stock-based compensation associated with FAS 123R.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $14 million for the first quarter 2007, which included approximately $3.1 million for stock-based compensation.

Non-GAAP operating expenses during Q2 were $12 million, compared with $10.9 million for the previous quarter.

GAAP R&amp;D expenses for Q2 were $10.9 million, compared with $10 million for Q1.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, were $8.7 million for Q2, as compared with $8 million for Q1.

The increase in R&amp;D spending reflects the first pass success of the NL7000 and NL8000 processors, and our ability to absorb the bulk of the production qualification costs associated with these parts in the first half of the year.

Our first pass assess of the NL7000 and NL8000 processors also enabled us to tape out our next product earlier than planned, which is on the 65-nanometer node.

As a result, we also incurred significant mass costs for this new product during the quarter.

GAAP SG&amp;A expenses for Q2 were $4.6 million, compared with $4 million in Q1.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, were $3.4 million for Q2, as compared with $3 million for Q1.

The increase in SG&amp;A for the quarter was primarily due to increased patent application activities and non-recurring recruiting expenses for our CFO search.

On a GAAP basis, our Q2 net income was $2.3 million, or $0.11 per share, compared with net income of $1.6 million, or $0.08 per share for Q1 2007.

Non-GAAP net income for Q2 was $6.2 million, or $0.28 per share, compared with $5.2 million, or $0.24 per share for Q1 2007.

We had fully diluted shares of $21.8 million on a GAAP basis and $22.1 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash and short term investments at the end of Q2 were $104.7 million, up from $95.9 million at the end of the prior quarter, reflecting strong cash flows from operations.

Our accounts receivable declined to $7.9 million with our days sales outstanding at 28.

The second quarter inventory was $9.8 million, compared with $9.8 million at the end of Q1.

This concludes my review of the quarterly results, and now I would like to turn the call back over to Ron.

This was another good quarter for us.

Broad based momentum across our customer base continued as our revenue grew outside our largest customer by more than 30%.

This growth is a result of increasing demand in several emerging new markets, such as 10 Gigabit Ethernet, Voice over IP, IPTV, and advanced mobile wireless infrastructure, in addition to the enterprise networking infrastructure market that has driven the demand for our products for the last several years.

Further, we received our first volume production orders for the NL8000 product family for shipment in the fourth quarter to our largest customer.

This marks a company record for progression from first silicon tape-out to volume production, and is a result of our success in achieving the functionality and performance targets with first pass silicon.

Our designing activity continues to be very strong for both the NL7000 and NL8000 product families, indicated an increasing need in the market for high-impact processing in a wide array of applications.

The 10 Gigabit Ethernet market is rapidly becoming an important driver of our growth.

10 Gigabit Ethernet represented approximately 2% of the total port shipments industry wide last year, but that number could double in 2007 driven by the reduction in the cost of 10 Gigabit Optics and the dramatic increase in IP bandwidth usage.

For example, Google is moving to 10 Gigabit connections in their data centers to support YouTube usage, as well as other advanced internet search applications.

YouTube estimates that it serves 100 million videos per day and that more than 65,000 videos are uploaded every day.

This rapid increase in bandwidth usage is also being driven by Voice over IP via cable operators, triple play at telecom carriers, and for enterprise upgrades as companies are moving more supply chain management and customer interface to web-based applications, as well as upgrading offices to support IP phones and IP video.

As an indicator of growth in this area, our sales to both Foundry and Force10 grew strongly in the second quarter.

Foundry has again exceeded the 5% level; and Force10 became a 5% customer in Q2, ahead of our expectations.

Turning to our largest enterprise customer, Cisco, sales decreased by approximately 7% in the second quarter due primarily to the effects of Solectron's lead initiative with Cisco.

We expect revenue from Cisco to be subdued again in the third quarter as a result of some seasonal softness as well as ongoing lead initiatives, including our entry into the BMI program for the first time, which should be completed in Q4.

Our design momentum at Cisco continues to be very strong.

During the quarter we closed two additional design wins for the NL8000, bringing our total number of NL7000 and NL8000 design wins at Cisco to nine.

This is remarkable considering that neither of these complex products had taped out at this time last year.

Further, we received our first production order from Cisco for the NL8000 for shipment in the fourth quarter, which is our fastest transition to date and is especially meaningful given the rigorous qualification process at Cisco.

The fourth generation NL8000 product supports 0.5 million ITV-4 entries, which is double the capability of competitive gen 4 products.

The NL8000 also supports up to 40 gig of bandwidth and can process 1.2 billion decisions per second on forwarding, quality of service, and ACL entries.

It achieves new levels of parallel processing performance through a patented dual core technology and a first of its kind ability to parse decisions into 64 unique processing elements.

This capability to execute multiple parallel decisions during a single core clock cycle, combined with our highly pipelined synchronous cross-connect busing scheme, enables customers to deploy 100GB per second ASICs, switches, and network processors.

We also continue to make progress penetrating new programs at Cisco for the NL7000.

We now have pre-production orders with four separate divisions using this product.

Design wins at Cisco for the NL7000 are particularly important because the NL7000 is a unique product for which there is no current competition.

The NL7000 and NL8000 product families are our most advanced products to date and design wins are important for at least three reasons.

First, these new markets are enabling us to enter numerous highline divisions at Cisco where we historically have had zero penetration, giving us a diversity of products and applications within our largest customer.

Second, because these parts have such advanced functionality and performance, we often have limited or no competition.

Finally, Cisco's increasing use of our most advanced and valuable products in a broadening array of their end product points to an increasing total available market for search processing at Cisco in the coming years.

Turning now to voice over IP, the acceleration of subscribers for voice and video on demand continues at the major cable providers, with net increases expected to be between 50% and 75% in 2007.

The result is that our business with advanced CMTS equipment manufacturers, such as ARRIS, continues to be strong.

ARRIS is a key supplier to [Comtess] for supporting voice over IP and cable modem termination systems, and became a 5% customer for us in the second quarter for the first time.

We expect our revenue from ARRIS to continue to be strong in the third quarter.

We also anticipate receiving our first meaningful revenue with Motorola in Q3, representing approximately 1% of our business.

This will take cable infrastructure as a whole to approximately 6% of our business in Q3, exceeding our earlier expectations.

When Motorola reaches full volume production, voice over IP production for cable has potential to generate as much as 10% of our revenue.

The market with the strongest growth potential for us continues to be IPTV, for which iSuppli predicts that the number of subscribers will increase worldwide from 3.9 million in 2006 to 103 million 2011, marking a compounded annual growth rate of 92.5%.

This growth is reflected by the increase in revenues from several of our customers.

For example, driven by the E320 and M series metro aggregation and metro edge routers, our Juniper business grew sequentially by 50% in the second quarter and we expect it to increase again the third quarter.

Alcatel-Lucent took a slight pause in the second quarter due to a component shortage, however demand from this customer has already bounced back with large shipments in July, so expect solid growth from them in the current quarter.

Another example of growth in the market for IPTV is growth in revenues with Huawei, who also exceeded the 5% mark in the second quarter.

As with Juniper and Alcatel-Lucent, we also expect growth from Huawei in Q3.

In addition to our engagements in IPTV related products, our knowledge-based processes are present in Huawei end products as diverse as Ethernet access, metro edge and core routers, and wireless infrastructure.

For the main IPTV deployments of metro aggregation and metro edge, we believe that we are the exclusive supplier to Juniper, Alcatel-Lucent, and Huawei.

Reports from Tokyo (inaudible) in June indicate that Alaxala is likely to be a major supplier for edge routers and NTT's next generation network build out.

The edge could represent about 70% of NTT's router spending.

This would be very beneficial to us because we continue to be the exclusive supplier to Alaxala for their IPTV infrastructure equipment targeted to the Japan and Asia markets.

We are still predicting that NTT will begin their initial purchases of their next generation equipment around the end of the year.

In total, the carrier side of our business has grown quite substantially over the past year, as evidenced by the strong base of carriers worldwide who are now purchasing equipment that includes our knowledge-based processors.

The infrastructure players we are supplying to sell their end products to more than 200 carriers worldwide.

As such, we see the carrier end market as being our largest opportunity and fastest growing market over the next few years as the penetration of our products into these carriers accelerates.

We're also strengthening our position in the IPTV infrastructure with three production revenue shipments of our NL7000 knowledge-based processor, which is now shifting to seven customers covering 11 unique products.

This highly advanced chip has a unique set of instructions specifically designed to take full advantage of its parallel processing architecture when handling IPV-6 packets.

This added performance and functionality is extremely important in IPTV applications where high bandwidth and quality of service requirements for video drive the need for the most advanced knowledge-based processors.

The NL7000 has no competitive peer product and its rapid adoption by the leaders in the development of the IPTV infrastructure is evidence of the perfect match between its specifications and the needs of the IPTV infrastructure market.

Turning now to the mobile wireless market, the rapid proliferation of high speed web surfing, music downloads, and video is creating dramatic change in the infrastructure required to support these applications.

The mobile wireless infrastructure market is moving to a converged, all IP network, specifically designed to support high quality, high bandwidth video, as well as [peckatise] voice, music, and data.

The NL7000 is ideally suited to support this rapidly developing upgrade of the mobile wireless infrastructure to a converged IP-based platform for many of the same reasons that make it successful in wireline IPTV.

Video-to-mobile represents much of the same functionality as IPTV; specifically, there are millions of unique subscribers who are watching unique video streams that have unique quality of service, access control, in billing monitoring requirements.

The move to the most advanced search processing is driven by three factors and video drives all three of these factors more than any other application.

First, video has bandwidth requirements that are an order of magnitude greater than data.

Second, video packets require the most complex headers yet to be seen on the internet.

And finally, the amount of analysis required on each packet before an intelligent routing decision can be made is significantly greater due to the quality of service, security, and billing requirements.

Video packets typically require five to ten unique inspections on each individual packet, making them the most difficult to handle.

Our technological leadership and advanced performance positions us perfectly for the most technically challenging IPTV and mobile wireless video markets.

The mobile wireless infrastructure market is being driven by sales of products such as Apple's iPhone, Nokia's N-95 video phone, Sony Ericsson's digital walkman mp3 phone, and other new video phones that are coming from Motorola and others.

We currently have design wins into the most advanced mobile wireless infrastructure that will support these new video and music phones, including design wins at Alcatel-Lucent, (Datung) Mobile, Ericsson, Motorola, Nokia Siemens, Fujitsu, and [Irvana].

We are poised to benefit from the rapid growth in this huge new market without being subject to the low gross margin and rapid re-design cycle of products that are in the phones themselves.

As evidence of how dramatically mobile wireless infrastructure is changing is the recently announced contract between Verizon Wireless and our customer Alcatel-Lucent.

This $6 billion contract illustrates Verizon's focus on the need to upgrade their infrastructure to a converged IP platform which can support high bandwidth, high quality video.

The change is particularly exciting for us as our knowledge-based process are incorporated into five of the six new boxes that were jointly announced by Alcatel-Lucent and Verizon.

This compares with zero penetration in the current circuit switch build-out of the network.

Turning to our NETLite processors, Q2 was a great quarter as a second major customer ramped initial production.

We are tracking to our original revenue expectations for this product family.

Design activity continues to be strong and we are encouraged to see customer focus on upgrading the quality of service and security capabilities of broadband access and entry level Ethernet switches to bring converged internet and Web 2.0 functionality closer to the end user.

As the bandwidth and feature requirements rapidly grow, the bar to reach for these platforms continues to be raised and the number and range of entry level boxes and applications that demands this new functionality continues to increase.

We are now tracking more than 20 active designs for our NETLite processors.

Now turning to our NETL7 processors, we continue to make good progress with our lead customer, where we have five design wins.

The second half of 2007 will mark a major transition for us and our customer as they are expected to make their first shipments to their end customers.

Our customer has begun to discuss true 10 gig, layer 7, wire speed functionality with their end customers and the feedback has been very strong.

The market is clearly anxious for 10 Gig performance we believe we are uniquely positioned to support this new functionality.

We are also expanding the addressable market footprint of our NETL7 processors with the recent introduction of our latest NLS1005 content processor, which features an industry standard PCI Express interface.

By adding PTIE to our NETL7 family, our NETL7 processor can seamlessly connect to a broad range of processors from Intel, Cavium, AMD, Freescale, and many others.

This allows us to address many new application-aware opportunities in a data center computing, intelligent web gateways, security appliances, networking, and communications markets.

In addition, yesterday we announced the availability of production ready software drivers, compilers, and inspection engines for our NETL7 processors.

This significantly reduces the amount of time and engineering resources required by us and our customers to product-tie solutions incorporating our NETL7 processors.

This allows us to effectively and efficiently support and engage with a much larger set of customers who would in turn be able to bring products to market in a much shorter timeframe.

In closing, our product, market, and customer diversification strategy continues to move forward strongly.

Our newest NL7000 and NL8000 knowledge-based processors are achieving new design wins and ramping into production; and our NETLite and NETL7 processors continue to track our aggressive expectations for this year.

The markets for 10 Gigabit Ethernet, cable infrastructure, IPTV, mobile wireless infrastructure, entry level switching, and layer 7 application aware routing are all developing positively; and this is driving our rapid customer diversification, as well as our broad based revenue growth.

As evidence, we expect our non-Cisco business to grow strongly again in the third quarter and to be more than 50 percent of our total revenue for the first time since our initial public offering.

This is an exciting time for us as we prepare to embark on a new growth phase, driven by a much broader product line and rapidly expanding market opportunities.

At this point I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the third quarter.

Then we'll open up the call for your questions.

Q2 was a solid quarter of broad based revenue growth which enabled us to further diversify our customer revenues.

As we move into Q3 we expect these trends to continue, and as a result we expect our third quarter 2007 revenue to increase by 3% to 5% from the second quarter and to be in the range of $26.6 million to $27.1 million.

We anticipate third quarter GAAP gross margins to be 63% to 64% and non-GAAP gross margins to be 65% to 66%.

We expect total operating expenses on a GAAP basis to be in the range of $14.9 million to $15.1 million, and on a non-GAAP basis to be in the range of $11.4 million to $11.6 million.

This includes expenses for R&amp;D on a GAAP basis in the range of $10.5 million and on a non-GAAP basis in the range of $8.2 million.

And SG&amp;A expenses on a GAAP basis of approximately $4.5 million and on a non-GAAP basis of approximately $3.3 million.

Also in Q3 we expect interest income and other expenses to be consistent with the second quarter's $1.3 million.

Our tax expense for the third quarter 2007 is expected to be approximately $1 million, which reflects full utilization of our net operating loss carry-forwards.

On a go-forward basis, after Q3 we expect our tax provision to be approximately 20% of our non-GAAP income before taxes.

Now turning to earnings per share projections.

We expect GAAP EPS for the third quarter to be $0.12 per share.

We estimate the non-cash impact of FAS 123R to be approximately $3.6 million, or $0.16 per diluted share; and the amortization of intangible assets to be approximately $0.01 per share, resulting in non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter of $0.29 per share.

Finally, we expect GAAP share count to be approximately $22.2 million, and the non-GAAP share count to be approximately $22.6 million in Q3.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call and now we're happy to take questions.

Good afternoon and welcome to the Netlogic Microsystems' Third Quarter 2007 Financial Results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) At this time I would like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations for Netlogic Microsystems.

Thank you, Amanda, and good afternoon everyone.

Please note that our third quarter 2007 results were decimated by business wire after market close today and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at Netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the third quarter, I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K filed on March 2nd, 2007, as well as other reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason except as required by law even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also, on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, an in-process research and development charge, a fair value adjustment to inventory acquired and the net impact of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance release.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue, operating expenses and provision for income tax line items for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Leslie.

Before we begin I would like to take a moment to discuss our announcement today that we have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Aeluros.

Aeluros was founded in 2001 near to us here in Mountain View and have assembled a world-class team of analog engineers and industry-leading CMOS, 10-Gigabit physical layer technologies.

The Aeluros team has delivered significant innovation to the performance, functionality and low-power operation of 10-Gigabit [5] solutions and this technology leadership has led to Aeluros' products being designed into numerous next-generation systems at leading networking OEMs and optical module manufacturers.

The 10-Gigabit Ethernet market is predicted to see strong growth given the ever increasing need for higher bandwidth in the enterprise and datacenter networks driven by video and virtualization applications.

We have been experiencing first-hand the strong growth of the 10-Gigabit Ethernet market as our shipments of knowledge-based processors into this market is approximately doubling in 2007.

We believe that the combination of Aeluros' advanced technology, solutions and roadmap, along with our customer synergies and operational leverage will enable us to further expand this business.

The Aeluros team also has extensive experience in developing high-speed, low-power serial and parallel IO technologies covering a broad spectrum such as PCI Express, Serial ATA and other advanced SerDes technologies as well as very high performance single-ended parallel IOs of the type and functionality needed for next-generation knowledge-based processors.

We are very excited to have the opportunity to bring such a talented and proven team into the Company.

IO technologies are becoming more and more critical to our knowledge-based processors and next-generation roadmaps.

Our customers are demanding the integration of higher-speed and ultra low-power interfaces into our solutions to support the growing multitude of bandwidth-hungry applications throughout (technical difficulties).

Our next-generation knowledge-based processors as well as our NETL7 Layer 7 solutions will benefit from our ability to now integrate even higher speed and lower power interfaces that our customers require.

Also, IO functionality will be even more significant as we continue to scale down the geometry curve in our product development.

At smaller line-width, the IO technology, which is mostly analog, does not scale as efficiently as the digital blocks and represents a larger piece of the total semiconductor device and, accordingly, a larger portion of the total cost.

By bringing in such a strong team of analog engineers with a proven track record of developing low-cost, advanced IO solutions, we can bring our customers new levels of performance and functionality at the lowest possible silicon cost.

We believe this will further separate us from our competition while offering our customers truly differentiated solutions that enable them to develop equipment that handles the growing complexity and speeds of the network.

I will now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our third quarter financial results.

Thank you, Ron.

Good afternoon everyone.

Today we reported that revenue for the third quarter of 2007 was $27.5 million, a sequential increase of 6.6% from $25.8 million for the second quarter of 2007.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, was approximately $12.2 million, or 44% of our total revenue compared with $13.1 million or 51% of our total revenue for Q2.

The decrease in our revenues was consistent with our expectations and reflects the impact of our previously discussed entry into Cisco's vendor management inventory program with a slight offset by the initial revenues from our product acquisition from Cypress Semiconductor, which closed during the quarter.

Revenue from Alcatel-Lucent was $3.8 million, or 14% of our total revenue for the third quarter 2007, compared with $2.6 million, or 10% of our total revenue for Q2.

In total, our non-Cisco business grew by approximately 21% sequentially with strong growth from Alcatel-Lucent, Foundry, Juniper, Huawei and ARRIS.

Excluding stock-based compensation expense, the fair value adjustment related to the inventory acquired from Cypress Semiconductor and the amortization of intangible assets, our non-GAAP gross margin was 67.2% for Q3.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Our Q3 non-GAAP gross margin reflects our continued strong manufacturing execution and favorable product mix.

Q3 GAAP operating expenses were $15.9 million which includes $3.9 million for stock-based compensation.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $15.4 million for the second quarter of 2007 which included approximately $3.4 million of stock-based compensation.

Non-GAAP operating expenses during Q3 were $12.1 million which is essentially flat from the previous quarter.

GAAP R&amp;D expenses for Q3 were $10.8 million compared with $10.9 million for Q2.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, were $8.4 million for Q3 as compared with $8.7 million for Q2.

The decrease in our non-GAAP R&amp;D expense from the previous quarter was primarily due to a decrease in product [mix] expense during Q3.

GAAP SG&amp;A expenses for Q3 were $5.1 million compared with $4.6 million for Q2.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses excluding stock-based compensation were $3.6 million for Q3 as compared with $3.4 million for Q2.

The increase in non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses was primarily due to an increase in our [packet] filing expenses.

On a GAAP basis our income tax provision was a net credit of approximately $500,000.

This credit reflects a one-time net reversal of the Company's deferred tax asset valuation.

Our non-GAAP tax expense of $30,000 reflects our income tax provision on our Q3 results excluding the reversal of the valuation allowance.

The Q3 non-GAAP income tax was less than original guidance of $1 million for the quarter given a favorable finalization of our international operating structure during the quarter.

On a GAAP basis our Q3 net income was $3.5 million, or $0.16 per diluted share compared with a net income of $2.3 million, or $0.11 per share for Q2.

Non-GAAP net income for Q3 was $7.7 million or $0.34 per share compared with $6.2 million or $0.28 per share for Q2.

We have fully diluted shares of 22 million on a GAAP basis and 22.3 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments at the end of Q3 were $99.8 million, compared with $104.7 million at the end of the prior quarter.

The decrease in our cash and short-term investments reflect the $14.6 million acquisition of the Cypress NSE products and related on-hand inventory.

Our accounts receivable increased to $10.7 million with our days sales outstanding at 35, which are within our historical range.

The third quarter net inventory was $12.1 million compared with $9.8 million at the end of Q2.

This increase in inventory was primarily associated with the acquisition of the inventory in the Cypress transaction.

This concludes my review of the quarterly results and now I would like to turn the call back over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

This is an exciting time for the Company.

As we have discussed throughout the year, there are several important industry trends that are driving the increasing demand for knowledge-based processing across the network such as the proliferation of on-demand delivery of video to the home, the office and to mobile devices, the growing popularity of voice-over IP and the transition to an all IP network to support these and other applications.

As a result, our addressable market is expanding for mostly high-end enterprise networking to now also include cable infrastructure, telecommunication infrastructure, advanced mobile infrastructure, security, desktop switching and the datacenter.

Further, with growth and new applications for our products we are excited about our expanding customer base as well as the diversity of our new design engagement.

To begin, the enterprise networking market is in an initial [phase] of a multi-year product transition from 1-Gigabit Ethernet to 10-Gigabit Ethernet.

2007 is the first year of meaningful adoption and the number of 10-Gigabit Ethernet ports shipments is expected to nearly double every year through 2010, growing from approximately 2% of ports shipped in 2006 to more than 8% in 2008.

This growth is being driven by a combination of the decreasing cost of 10-Gigabit optics as well as the increasing need for more bandwidth, especially as video is being served throughout the network.

Growth is also being driven by demand for voice-over IP and video on-demand offered by cable operators, triple-play IPTV from telecom carriers and enterprise upgrades as companies are moving more customer interface to web-based applications as well as upgrading offices to support IP phones and IP video.

(Inaudible) our largest enterprise networking customer, Cisco Systems.

As we discussed in our last earnings call we entered into Cisco's vendor managed inventory or VMI during the third quarter.

Sales to Cisco declined to $12.2 million, or 44% of revenue, consistent with our expectations.

As we complete the transition to this program in Q4, we expect a further but smaller impact in the fourth quarter.

However, our first production orders of the NL8000 product will begin shipping in the fourth quarter which will largely help to offset the impact of the Q4 VMI decline.

In addition, during Q4 we will have our first full quarter of desktop switching revenues from our recent acquisition from Cypress Semiconductor which will result in overall revenue growth with Cisco.

We also have a very strong pipeline of new design wins that we expect to go into production starting with the NL8000 this quarter and continuing throughout 2008 and 2009.

Also, we are excited that these new designs are with many new applications and divisions within Cisco as the use of our advanced solution moves beyond enterprise switching into such equipment as metro, edge, access aggregation, edge and core routing, mainstream datacenter and desktop switching.

Our design activity continues to be very strong and during the third quarter we want another design for the NL7000 and two new designs for the NL8000.

We now enter Q4 with 20 design wins that have not yet ramped into volume production.

This includes our NL6000 design wins as well as our low-power NETLite design wins.

The first of these new design wins that will ramp into production is an NL8000 program which, as I mentioned, is ramping in the current quarter.

Our momentum at Cisco is largely due to our strong competitive positioning as well as the tremendous execution by our engineering team.

NL8000 is the highest performance generation for product on the market supporting 0.5 million IPv4 entries which is double the capability of competitive Gen4 products.

The NL8000 also supports up to 40-Gig of bandwidth and can process 1.2 Billion Decisions per Second on forwarding, quality of service and access control-less entries.

NL7000 is a unique product for which there is no current competition.

We now have pre-production orders with four separate divisions using this product.

We believe that the trend within Cisco, as it is outside of Cisco, is that such processing requirements will become increasingly more rigorous supporting the need for our most advanced knowledge-based processors.

The design success of the NL7000 is also very strong outside of Cisco, in particular, for telecommunications infrastructure which is driven by IPTV and triple-play.

The NL7000 is ideally suited for this market because it has a unique set of instructions specifically designed to take full advantage of its parallel processing architecture when handling IPv6 packets.

This added performance and functionality is extremely important in IPTV applications where high bandwidth and quality of service requirements for video drive the need for the most advanced knowledge-based processors.

In fact, we work very closely with the leading architects of our customers in defining the unique feature set for the NL7000.

In the adoption of this product among leading suppliers of IPTV infrastructure equipment is evidence of the strong correspondence between its specifications and the needs of the market.

The highly complex quality of service, access control and billing requirements of delivering unique videos to unique subscribers at high speed will drive a major infrastructure build-out at the telecom carriers.

The worldwide forecast for IPTV subscribers is expected to grow from less than 15 million this year to more than 100 million in 2011.

With the strong growth in IPTV subscribers, carriers will be transitioning their CapEx spending from legacy circuit-based switches to IP based networks where our advanced solutions play a critical role.

Now, turning to the cable infrastructure market which is another market that will provide long-term growth opportunities for our products.

Cable providers such as Comcast and Time Warner, are increasing spending on infrastructures to support their strong push to offer customers voice-over-IP and video on-demand.

The result is that our business would advance CMTS equipment manufacturers continue to be promising and our cable infrastructure revenues continue to grow in Q3.

Although the long-term trend of deploying voice-over-IP and video on-demand should increase our opportunities to grow in this segment for a number of years, we do anticipate some weakness in the fourth quarter in this segment given some near-term softness with our cable customers.

Now turning to the advanced mobile wireless infrastructure market, the rapid increase in functionality of mobile devices allowing for internet access, music and video downloads is necessitating significant changes in the wireless infrastructure market.

In order to support the huge growth expected in these functions, wireless carriers will be upgrading their current circuit switch infrastructure to a converged IP platform which can support high bandwidth, high quality video as well as packetized voice, music and data.

Much like IPTV, the challenges for mobile wireless infrastructure providers include supporting millions of subscribers for watching unique video streams that each require specific quality of service, access control and billing monitoring.

Since the bandwidth demands of video are significantly greater than data and because video packet headers are more complex than data, the need for advanced search processing and mobile wireless applications is developing rapidly.

Eighteen months ago we had virtually no design wins in this area but given our unique positioning with the NL7000 product we now have many design wins and infrastructure providers such as Motorola, Ericsson, Datang Mobile, Alcatel-Lucent, Nokia Siemens, ZTE, Nirvana, Huawei and Fujitsu with numerous opportunities still to come.

Additionally, the proliferation of mobile wireless devices connected to the internet is rapidly accelerating the depletion of IPv4 addresses.

As a result, we are seeing our customers aggressively adopt their designs for high-performance support of IPv6 packets.

As the technology leader in the market, this is yet another trend that plays into our strength and further separates us from our competition.

Now, turning to the desktop switching market that is addressed by our NETLite and NSE solutions.

In the same way that voice and video are driving the need for improved quality of service and security across the entire network infrastructure, they are also driving the desktop switching market to incorporate a higher level of functionality than was previously required.

More and more desktop switching is moving away from offering just Layer 2 functionality to providing advanced Layer 3 capabilities.

To offer such performance, these systems are now being designed with dedicated acceleration as provided by our advanced solutions.

We significantly enhanced the breadth of our solutions for desktop switching with our acquisition of Cypress Semiconductors network search engine products.

These products, designed specifically for Cisco, will greatly increase our ability to address the high-volume desktop switching opportunity at Cisco.

Additionally, our partnerships with Broadcom and Marvell are driving strong design activity and we expect to close our first design through these relationships in the fourth quarter.

Turning to the NETL7 family of knowledge-based processors target to Layer 7, we continue to take significant steps towards expanding and supporting a broader customer base for this product family.

During the quarter we delivered our new NLS1005 Layer 7 content processor that features a high-speed PCI Express interface.

This product allows us greater flexibility to interface with a variety of architectures to service a broader customer base as well as address many new application-aware opportunities in datacenter computing, intelligent web gateways, security appliances and networking and communications market.

In conjunction with the NLS1005, we also announced the availability of a production-ready Layer 7 software suite for NETL7 processor that significantly reduces the amount of time and engineering resources required by us and our customers to product-tie solutions incorporating our NETL7 processors.

Also, we announced a significant collaboration with Intel and showcased the industry's first 10-Gigabit per second security and networking reference platform due to our NETL7 processor in the Intel Quad-Core Xeon processors at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco.

This is a significant collaboration because much of today's application software for security and application acceleration runs on x86 processors so our collaboration with Intel allows customers to leverage their existing application software and hardware systems, enables them to scale a 10-Gigabit per second performance without significant change to their current architecture.

Intel is a major player in the security appliance and datacenter computing markets and our partnership with them further expands our opportunities for greater market penetration.

Also, with the addition of the strong Aeluros team and their portfolio of proven high-speed IO technology we can accelerate our product roadmap for NETL7 and address the requirements of an even broader set of market opportunities.

In conclusion, we are very excited about the number of emerging market trends that are driving the increasing need for knowledge-based processors in our most advanced solutions.

Further, our competitive positioning has never been stronger as a result of our very unique and comprehensive product portfolio and leading edge technology.

Our positive customer engagements and design activities suggest that we are in a great position to enjoy strong growth from these emerging opportunities.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the fourth quarter, then we'll open up the call for your questions.

To start, I would like to give some color on the financial impact of the Aeluros acquisition.

We anticipate the transaction to close shortly within the next 10 days.

Aeluros completed its calendar third quarter with approximately $3 million in revenues.

We expect the Aeluros revenues to enjoy strong growth in 2008 given the strong pipeline of designs along with the anticipated growth of the 10-Gigabit Ethernet market.

As the transaction will close shortly during the fourth quarter, our Q4 revenues will reflect a partial quarter from the Q3 run-rate.

We also expect non-GAAP gross margins to be slightly favorable to our current corporate gross margins.

The Company has a little over 30 employees which are mostly in research and development.

We expect Aeluros will add approximately $2 million a quarter in non-GAAP operating expenses while the expenses for Q4 will be less given that it is a partial quarter.

We will pay approximately $57 million in cash for the transaction and could pay up to additional $20 million in the first quarter of 2009 upon the achievement of certain revenue milestones of the acquired business through fiscal year 2008.

Overall, we expect the transaction to be slightly dilutive on a non-GAAP basis in Q4, largely due to the decrease in our interest income.

We expect the new business to be slightly accretive on a non-GAAP basis in 2008.

Now, moving to our Q4 guidance which will include the Aeluros numbers.

As I stated in my opening commentary, our Q3 revenues for Cisco were down as we entered Cisco's VMI program.

As we move into Q4 we expect our core Cisco revenues to stabilize while our total revenues for Cisco are expected to increase given the additional contribution from the newly acquired network search engine products which we now expect to be ahead of our original guidance of $2 million.

In Q4 we also expect continued growth with a number of our non-Cisco customers but expect to experience some near-term softness with our products shipping into the cable infrastructure and into the telco carrier end markets, particularly in China, where we see some year-end inventory adjustments taking place.

Our revenues into China have enjoyed strong growth in the past three quarters this year.

However, in October, we have seen some of our customers adjust their Q4 build plans, we believe, in order to minimize their year-end inventory.

Given all these trends, we expect our fourth quarter 2007 revenue to increase by approximately 16% from the third quarter to $32 million.

We anticipate our fourth quarter non-GAAP gross margins to be between 65% to 66%, slightly ahead of our long-term model of 65%.

Our Q4 GAAP gross margins will be unfavorably impacted due to the purchase accounting treatment for the acquired inventory of Cypress and Aeluros as well as higher levels of amortization of intangible assets.

We expect total operating expenses on a non-GAAP basis to be approximately $14 million.

This includes non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses of approximately $9.9 million and non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses of approximately $4.1 million.

Also in Q4, we expect interest and other income to be down to approximately $600,000 due to the lower invested cash balances after our recent acquisitions.

For Q4 we expect our tax provision to be approximately $200,000.

This lower than originally guided tax rate reflects our new international operating structure which we put in place during Q3.

After Q4 we now expect our tax provision to be approximately 5% of our non-GAAP income before taxes through 2008.

As part of the acquisition of Aeluros we may also record a one-time charge for acquired in-process R&amp;D, as well as have an increase to our amortization of acquired intangible assets and stock-based compensation during Q4.

These amounts have not been estimated yet, at this time.

Lastly, in regards to our earnings per share projection, we expect non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter to be $0.33 per share and expect our non-GAAP share count to be approximately 23 million.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call and now we are happy to take questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Mr. Ron Jankov, President, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Mike Tate, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Betsy, and I'll be your coordinator for today.

At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.

We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference.

(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Ms. Leslie Green, Investor Relations for NetLogic Microsystems.

Please proceed, ma'am

 Thank you, Betsy, and good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our fourth quarter and 2007 year end results were disseminated by Business Wire after the market closed today.

A copy of the release can be downloaded at our website at NetLogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the fourth quarter, I would like to point out that during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2007, as well as other reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, in-process research and development charge, fair value adjustment to inventory required, a deferred tax asset valuation allowance release and the tax effect of an inter-Company license agreement.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue, operating expenses, and provision for income tax line items for the non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Mike Tate to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year results.

Thank you, Leslie.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported that revenue for the fourth quarter of 2007 was $32.3 million, which came in ahead of our prior guidance of $32 million.

Q4 revenues grew 17% sequentially from the $27.5 million for the third quarter of 2007.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, was approximately $15.8 million, or 49% of our total revenues compared with $12.2 million, or 44% of our total revenues for Q3.

This was consistent with our expectations and reflects the final impact of our transition to Cisco's vendor managed inventory program, which was positively offset by the initial production shipments of our NL8000, as well as a full quarter of revenues for the network search engine products we acquired from Cypress last August.

Revenue from Alcatel-Lucent for Q4 was $3.1 million, or 10% of our revenues compared with $3.8 million, or 14% of our revenues in Q3.

The decline in revenues from Alcatel-Lucent was largely due to what was an unusually strong Q3, coupled with what we believe was a work down in their inventory levels.

During the fourth quarter, we also successfully closed our acquisition of Aeluros.

Fourth quarter shipments of our 10-Gb physical layer products represent a partial quarter as we closed the transaction on October 24.

We were pleased with the partial quarter of shipments, which were in line with our expectations.

Also during Q4, as previously discussed, we experienced some near-term softness in our knowledge-based processor revenues in China and for the cable infrastructure.

Excluding stock-based compensation expense, the fair value adjustment related to inventory acquired from Cypress and Aeluros and the amortization of intangible assets, our non-GAAP gross margin was 65.6% for Q4.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Our Q4 non-GAAP gross margin was consistent with our guided range of 65% to 66%.

Q4 GAAP operating expenses were $21.1 million, which included $5 million for stock-based compensation, $1.6 million charge for in-process R&amp;D related to the Aeluros acquisition, and a $0.3 million for the amortization of intangible assets.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $15.9 million for the third quarter of 2007, which included approximately $3.9 million for stock-based compensation.

Non-GAAP operating expenses during Q4 were $14.2 million compared to our guidance of $14 million.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $10.1 million for Q4, as compared with $8.4 million for Q3.

The large sequential increase was primarily due to the additional R&amp;D expenses from the acquisition of Aeluros.

R&amp;D expenses was also slightly higher than our guidance of $0.9 million, given a high level of product development expenses with our two new 55-nanometer parts.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation and the amortization of intangible assets, were $4.1 million for Q4, as compared to $3.6 million for Q3, and were in line with our prior guidance.

Our Q4 tax provision was approximately $38,000, which was favorable to our guidance of $200,000.

On a GAAP basis, our Q4 net loss was $4.8 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, compared with a net income of $3.5 million, or $0.16 per share for Q3.

Non-GAAP net income for Q4 was $7.6 million, or $0.33 per share compared with $7.7 million, or $0.34 per share for Q3 2007 and was in line with our prior guidance.

We had fully diluted shares of 21.1 million on a GAAP basis, and 22.8 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments at the end of Q4 were $50.7 million compared with $99.8 million at the end of the prior quarter.

The decline in our cash reflected our $57 million acquisition of Aeluros, and was partially offset by the continued positive cash flow from operations.

Our accounts receivable increased to $14.8 million with our day sales outstanding of 42.

The fourth quarter net inventory was $12.9 million compared with $12.1 million at the end of Q3.

Now turning to the results for fiscal year 2007.

Total revenue for fiscal 2007 was $109 million.

This was an increase of 12.6% over the $96.8 million for fiscal 2006.

Our fiscal 2007 GAAP gross profit was 59% compared with 62% for fiscal 2006.

Non-GAAP gross profit for 2007, which excluded stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets and the effect of a fair value adjustment to inventory acquired from acquisitions, was 65.8% as compared with 64.9% for 2006.

GAAP operating expenses for 2007 were $66.5 million compared with $62.7 million for fiscal 2006.

Non-GAAP operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation and process research and development charges, and the amortization of intangible assets, were $49.3 million for 2007, compared with $40.7 million for 2006.

Our non-GAAP research and development expenses increased to $35.2 million for 2007, from $29.1 million for 2006.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses increased to $14.1 million from $11.6 million in 2006.

Net income in accordance with GAAP for 2007 was $2.6 million, or $0.12 per share.

This compares to a GAAP net income of $592,000, or $0.03 per share for fiscal 2006.

Non-GAAP net income was $26.7 million, or $1.20 per share compared with non-GAAP net income of $25.5 million, or $1.18 per share for 2006.

This concludes my review of the quarterly and fiscal year end results.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

Our strong Q4 concluded what was another solid year for us.

With our diversifying customer base, we are witnessing firsthand a transition of the network.

This transformation is occurring at a rapid pace across many different end markets, including enterprise switches and routers, telecom equipment, cable infrastructure, and now the advanced mobile wireless infrastructure.

Throughout these markets, our customers are working aggressively to deploy next-generation equipment that can handle the complexity and speed of tomorrow's network traffic.

The complexity and increased bandwidth of this traffic is requiring much more advanced and innovative technology.

As a result, the design opportunities for our technology are growing and our customers are pushing us to deliver even faster and more complex devices.

I am very proud to report that our team has responded to this tremendous opportunity with near flawless execution, and the fourth quarter was an extraordinary example of this.

During the fourth quarter, we received samples with first pass silicon success of two separate and new products designed and developed on TSMC's industry-leading 55-nanometer node.

These two new devices are some of the most complex and difficult chips so far attempted on this advanced technology node.

We have delivered these two different products to our customers on time and ready for production with first pass silicon.

By aggressively moving to 55-nanometers, we are able to provide superior performance and significantly lower power consumption, with a chip size that is 18% smaller than what can be achieved with the standard 65-nanometer node.

Additionally, during the quarter we also achieved first pass silicon success on a new, advanced 10-gigabit Ethernet SFP plus product with advanced EDC technology that features the industry's lowest power consumption and smallest package footprint, while maintaining the most comprehensive support for SR, LR, LRM, and SFP plus copper nodes.

Also, this new device provides ultra-low latency for high performance data center applications.

This advanced solution is enabling breakthroughs by our customers in 10-gigabit port density, which continues to be an important requirement in the data center, where power, space, latency and flexibility are critical metrics for success.

Our ability to support multiple modes of operation in the smallest footprint and lowest power consumption enables our customers to leverage a common solution across different cabling environments and reach.

This innovative SFP plus technology with EDC has been very well received and is already shipping in initial volume production.

Here again, the flawless execution of the Aeluros engineering team has allowed to us rapidly bring these innovations to our customers, enabling them to be first to market with the most flexible, cost effective, and highest density multi-10-Gb equipment.

I am confident in saying that in the case of all three of these new devices, our engineering team has pushed the technology limits significantly beyond what even the largest semiconductor companies attempted in 2007.

It is difficult to overstate how remarkable it is to have achieved first pass success with these three complex products.

These technical achievements have not gone unnoticed by our customers as our strong track record of execution and delivery is opening up further opportunities to strengthen our relationship as a strategic technology partner.

One of the new 55-nanometer parts is the NL9000, which we announced yesterday.

As our customers introduce equipment with higher bandwidth, increased complexity and more knowledge-based processors per system, power is becoming more important than ever before.

As a leader in low power knowledge-based processors, this is a trend that plays into our strength and has given us the opportunity to further pull ahead of our competition.

We are doing so with the introduction of the NL9000, the industry's first fifth-generation knowledge-based processor, which combines not only superior performance, but superior power management as well.

The NL9000 is a significant engineering achievement, as it is the first-ever hybrid knowledge-based processor, combining the massively parallel high performance capabilities of knowledge-based processing, with the power efficiency and flexibility of our advanced Sahasra algorithmic technology.

The NL9000 also offers an advanced feature set, ideally suited for our customers' next-generation IPv6 systems and achieves power savings of up to five times compared with non-hybrid solutions.

This represents an important milestone for the industry, as our customers strive to meet stringent low-power requirements for next-generation advanced telecommunications computing architecture, and high density data center systems.

The NL9000 integrates our innovative Sahasra algorithmic engine, which is already production proven across many leading carrier networks and it has been under continued development for over seven years, providing customers with the ability to dramatically lower the power of search processing, while expanding the effective processing power.

In addition, the NL9000 processor incorporates a number of industry firsts, and groundbreaking innovations, such as Intelligent Load Balancing Engine, a Range Encoding Engine, and a fifth-generation I/O design that delivers 64 gigabits per second of raw chip-to-chip interconnect bandwidth, which is 60% greater than previous generations of knowledge-based processors.

Also, when coupled with the integrated Intelligent Load Balancing Engine, our customers can achieve up to 100 gigabits per second of effective bandwidth to support the most performance demanding switches and routing applications.

We are experiencing tremendous design activity for this device, given that it is the first and only fifth-generation product on the market and that this technology uniquely meets the high performance requirements of our customers' next-generation systems.

In fact, we earned five design wins in the fourth quarter, even prior to receiving first silicon.

We believe that these wins demonstrate the confidence our customers have in our ability to deliver first silicon, and also the eagerness of the market to have access to this fifth-generation technology.

Now, turning to our current business, first, 2007 was an important transition year for our business with our largest customer, Cisco Systems.

After two and a half years of very strong growth between beginning in 2004, the pace of new product ramps with Cisco slowed from the second half of 2006 through 2007.

Concurrently, Cisco's contract manufacturers adopted lean initiatives and we moved for the first time to a vendor-managed inventory program with Cisco.

But the lack of revenue growth at Cisco as a result of these factors belied a tremendous amount of continued success in our relationship with Cisco.

Throughout 2007, we achieved a record number of design wins for our most advanced products, nearly doubling our pipeline at Cisco, and setting the stage for our next significant product ramp cycle that has just started in Q4, with the volume production ramp of two NL8000 design wins.

Many designs now poised to go to volume production over the next year and a half are particularly exciting because they span a number of new business units and end applications at Cisco that we had not previously penetrated, including metro edge, access aggregation, edge and core routing, mainstream switching, data center switching, and desktop switching.

Our commitment to continuing to innovate and support the products and applications that are strategically important to Cisco, has allowed us to further strengthen our relationship and explore new opportunities.

As a result, we believe that we are now poised for a period of renewed long-term growth with Cisco, as the many new designs we have been winning go into full volume production.

Just as we have experienced a number of diverse design opportunities within Cisco, outside of Cisco we continue to enjoy strong adoption of our technology across many customers and end markets that will continue to enable us to diversify our revenue streams, as well as expand our TAM.

In 2007, we enjoyed a tremendous year of growth for our non-Cisco revenues.

With our leading edge product portfolio, coupled with our aggressive road map, we are positioned as the leader for many exciting emerging applications, such as IPTV, 10-Gb Ethernet, cable infrastructure and mobile wireless infrastructure.

Driven by the increasing number of Internet connected devices and the explosive growth in voice and video delivered to these devices, demand for advanced knowledge-based processors is growing and in many cases, our products are being designed into areas that didn't require knowledge-based processors before.

In 2007 we saw particularly strong growth in IPTV applications, through customers such as Alcatel-Lucent, Juniper Networks and Huawei.

Revenues from Alcatel-Lucent grew by 36% in 2007 from 2006 and revenues from Juniper grew by almost 200% in the same period.

While some inventory balancing at Huawei resulted in slower fourth quarter revenues, for the overall year revenues from Huawei were up 76% from the prior year.

What is also exciting is that even with this strong increase in our IPTV revenue, the adoption of this technology is still in its in fancy worldwide.

As it grows, we believe that our NL7000 and our just introduced NL9000 will continue to give us a strong competitive advantage because they are ideally suited for IPTV through a unique set of instructions specifically designed to take full advantage of their parallel processing architecture when handling IP v6 packets.

The high bandwidth and quality of service requirements for video will continue to drive the need for the most advanced knowledge-based processors in IPTV equipment.

We continue to have tremendous success and win virtually every design we target, as there is still no competitive equivalent to the NL7000.

Also, the advanced IPv6 functionality, which is distinguishing the NL7000, has been incorporated into our fifth-generation NL9000, putting us now two generations ahead in serving this key IPTV segment.

Another encouraging development in 2007 was the beginning of meaningful adoption of 10-Gb Ethernet.

This market is predicted to see strong growth over the next several years, given the ever-increasing need for higher bandwidth in the enterprise and data center networks, driven by video and virtualization applications.

We are now positioned to enjoy growth in 10-Gb Ethernet with the increased volumes of our knowledge-based processors, as well as from our newly acquired physical layered products.

During Q4, we successfully closed our acquisition of Aeluros.

We are very pleased to have such a talented group join the NetLogic Microsystems family.

Their execution to date has been stellar, as the 10-Gb Ethernet physical layered products that we now offer hold a market-leading position in next-generation X2 module technology and provide an exciting product portfolio and road map for the emerging SFP plus opportunities, with the industry's best power and smallest form factor.

Additionally, this world class group of engineers will further enhance our ability to integrate even higher performance and lower power I/O into our next generation knowledge-based processors and deep packet inspection solutions.

This comes at a time when I/O functionality and performance is becoming a critical bottleneck in system performance in our customers' next-generation design.

With the integration of such a high speed, low power I/Os, we will further distinguish our offering from our competition and allow our customers to achieve new levels of system performance and functionality.

Now, moving to cable infrastructure, while revenues in the cable infrastructure area of our business were expectedly softer in the fourth quarter, we saw strong growth in this area in 2007 as a whole, driven by the growth in demand for voice-over IP and video-on-demand.

We continue to be excited about our opportunities for growth from cable infrastructure, given the increased complexity of the CMTS equipment and the upcoming transition to Docsis 3.0.

The cable service providers continue to face competition from IPTV and as a result, we expect them to continue to upgrade their infrastructure equipment with solutions incorporating our technology.

Although most of our cable revenues have been with [Aries] to date, we expect new opportunities with Motorola and Cisco will also contribute to our growth in this exciting end market as well.

The mobile wireless infrastructure also continues to be a new growth market for our solutions, driven by the proliferation of video phones, coupled with carrier deployment of mobile IP services, and a host of new applications for the cell phone, legacy circuit-based networks are being migrated to a converged IP platform, which can support high bandwidth, high quality video, as well as packetized voice, music and data.

By the end of 2007, we had achieved design wins for equipment that is sold into many of the leading carriers worldwide with considerable future opportunities.

Additionally, the proliferation of mobile wireless devices connected to the Internet is accelerating the depletion of IPv4 addresses.

As a result, we are seeing our customers aggressively adopt our designs for high performance support of IPv6 packets, which are larger and more complex compared with IPv4 packets and need higher end knowledge-based processors.

As the technology's leader in the market, this is yet another trend that highlights our strength and further separates us from our competition.

We expect our revenue from the mobile wireless infrastructure market to begin ramping in the second half of 2008, and our continued design win success is building a healthy pipeline for long-term future growth.

2007 was also an important year for continued investment in our Layer 7 deep packet inspection technology.

During the year we delivered our newest NLS1005 Layer 7 content processor featuring a high-speed PCI Express interface, and also announced the availability of production ready Layer 7 software suite for the NETL7 processor that significantly reduces the amount of time and engineering resources required by us and our customers to productize solutions incorporating our NETL7 processors.

As we move into 2008, we are hard at work on broadening our product portfolio to expand the reach of our technology to have solutions ranging from the highest performance 10-Gb hardwired solutions to the high volume mainstream enterprise applications.

The number of design opportunities continues to increase, given the growing interest to incorporate deep packet inspection technology in many points in the network.

We look forward to giving more specific updates during the course of the year.

Finally, during 2007, our customers and merchant switch partners continue to make progress in the development of their new Layer 3 desktop switches, incorporating our NETLite network search engine technology.

We have quite a number of programs under development, where our customers are offering much more advanced Layer 3 functionality in their high volume switch product families.

Given the increased level of Layer 3 functionality being incorporated in these systems, our network search engines are being utilized in this high volume segment for the first time.

This technology trend is another example of the expanding TAM for our technology throughout the network.

Now that our switch partners are beginning to deliver their new advanced packet processors to our customers, we are seeing a measurable pickup in design activity, and during Q1 we expect to close a record number of NETLite design wins.

In closing, we are entering 2008 with the strongest competitive position we've ever held.

With the success of two 55-nanometer parts, including the fifth-generation NL9000, and breakthroughs in 10-Gb Fi technology, we are poised to secure a record number of design wins this year.

The revenue growth we are forecasting in Q1, as well as for the remainder of 2008 and into 2009 will be much less dependent on general economic growth and the growth of our customers, but rather will be much more driven by the record number of new programs which will ramp into production.

The breadth and diversity of these programs are evidence of the transformation of the network that is under way and the growing addressable market for our expanding portfolio with advanced solutions.

Also, as a result of our tremendous execution over the last several years, we are positioned to also enjoy market share gains at our existing customers, as we ramp beyond our traditional base of high end switching into many new diverse applications, such as mainstream switching, data center switching, desktop switching, metro edge and aggregation, as well as core and high end edge routing.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the first quarter, and we'll open up the call to your questions.

Although we are mindful of the current volatile economic backdrop, as we look to Q1, we are encouraged as we believe our customers are starting the year with relatively low levels of inventory.

Having just implemented the vendor managed inventory program with Cisco, we are now shipping product to Cisco and essentially a just-in-time basis.

Also in Q4, we believe we saw good work down on the inventory balances in China, cable infrastructure in European telecom.

This view is further supported by our customers' forecasts, bookings and backlog position.

We entered Q1 with healthy backlog and solid ordering patterns across our customer base and end markets.

Revenues at Cisco in Q1 as expected to grow as a result of our revenue diversification and the continued volume ramp of our initial Gen-4 design wins.

Outside of Cisco, we expect another solid quarter from our 10-Gb Ethernet Fi products, as well as broad contribution from our other knowledge-based processor customers, as they also ramp new designs into production.

As a result, we expect our first quarter 2008 revenues to increase to $33.8 million, representing an approximate 5% sequential growth from Q4.

We expect our non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately 65%, consistent with our long-term model.

We expect non-GAAP operating expenses will increase to approximately $14.5 million, with non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses expected to be approximately $10.3 million, and non-GAAP SG&amp;A of $4.2 million.

Also, we expect Q1 interest income to be approximately $500,000.

The decrease reflects the lower average cash balance in Q1, as well as the decline in market interest rates.

We expect our tax expense for Q1 to be approximately 5% of our non-GAAP income before taxes.

We expect non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter to be $0.33 per share.

We expect our GAAP EPS for the first quarter to be a loss of $0.02.

This includes an estimated $5 million for stock-based compensation, $3.3 million in the amortization of intangible assets, and $0.5 million in a fair value adjustment for required inventory.

Finally, we expect our GAAP share count to be approximately 21.4 million, and the non-GAAP share count to be approximately 23 million in Q1.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call, and now we're happy to take questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems, Inc. first quarter 2008 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Karen, and I will be your coordinator today.

At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.

We will be facilitating a

Good afternoon, and welcome to NetLogic Microsystems' second quarter 2008 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

My name is [Katy], and I will be your coordinator for today.

I would like to now turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations for NetLogic Microsystems.

Thank you, Katy, and good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our second quarter 2008 results were disseminated by Business Wire after the close of market today and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the second quarter, I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K, filed on March 14th, 2008, and Form 10-Q, filed on May 7th, 2008, as well as other reports that the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

The reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, and a fair-value adjustment for the inventory acquired.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue and operating expenses for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our second quarter results.

Thank you, Leslie.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported that revenue for the second quarter of 2008 was $36.5 million, which came in ahead of our prior guidance of $36.2 million.

Q2 revenues grew 7% sequentially, from $34.2 million for the first quarter of 2008 and 41% from $25.8 million for Q2 of the prior year.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, came back strongly in Q2, growing 28% sequentially to approximately $16.3 million, or 45% of our total revenue, compared with $12.7 million, or 37% of our total revenue for Q1 2008.

This strong growth was the result of the continued ramp of new designs, including initial preproduction revenues for some NL7000 designs, which are expected to go into volume production in Q4.

We did not have any other customers above 10% of our revenue in the second quarter.

Our Q2 non-Cisco revenues were down by about 6% from last quarter, which we believe was largely the result of some seasonality at Alcatel-Lucent heading into the summer timeframe and some softness in the U.S. enterprise market.

This was partially offset by strength with Huawei and ALAXALA.

Given our strong revenue in July to date and our remaining backlog coverage, we believe our non-Cisco revenues will have a solid quarter of growth again in Q3, with broad contribution from all our major customers.

Our non-GAAP gross margins for the second quarter were 66%, which excludes stock-based compensation expense, the fair value adjustments related to the inventory acquired from Cypress Semiconductor and [Valeros] and the amortization of intangible assets.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Our Q2 non-GAAP gross margins was ahead of our guided gross margins of 65.5%, given our continued strong manufacturing execution.

Q2 GAAP operating expenses were $18.6 million, which included $2.9 million of stock-based compensation and $300,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $18.7 million for the first quarter of 2008, which included approximately $3.4 million of stock-based compensation and $300,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $10.6 million for Q2, as compared with $10.2 million for Q1.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation and the amortization of intangible assets were $4.7 million for Q2, as compared with $4.7 million for Q1.

Total non-GAAP operating expenses during Q2 were $15.3 million, compared with $14.9 million for Q1 2008.

This compares favorably to the $15.6 million that we guided to last call, and reflects good expense control during the quarter.

Q2 interest and other income was approximately $250,000, compared to our guidance of $400,000.

The lower-than-expected amount is primarily due to one-time disposal of approximately $100,000 of assets during the quarter.

Our Q2 tax provision was a benefit of approximately $100,000 and reflects the current positive mix of our foreign and domestic booked income and losses.

On a GAAP basis, our Q2 net income was $2.3 million, or $0.10 per diluted shared, compared with net income of $1.1 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, for Q1 2008.

Non-GAAP net income for Q2 was $9.2 million, or $0.40 per share, compared with $8.7 million, or $0.38 per share, for Q1 2008.

Also, our Q2 non-GAAP net income grew 48% from the $6.2 million in Q2 2007.

We had fully diluted shares of 22.5 million on a GAAP basis and 23.2 million on a non-GAAP basis.

The increase in our share count is largely due to the use of a higher average stock price under the treasury method of accounting.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents increased by $17.9 million in Q2, to end the quarter at $73.7 million, compared to the $55.8 million at the end of the prior quarter.

The increase in cash was a result of the continued positive cash flows from operations during the quarter.

Our accounts receivable decreased to $14.7 million and represented 36 days.

The decrease in accounts receivable and DSOs was as expected, given the increased focus on collections, coupled with favorable sales linearity.

First quarter net inventory was $16.1 million, compared with $17 million at the end of Q1.

As expected, our inventory decreased in absolute dollars and days held.

Our days of inventory remain higher than our historical levels, given that at the end of the quarter we have positioned more of our inventory in the finished goods stage to support our strong first month of revenues in July.

This concludes my review of the quarterly results, and now I'd like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

This continues to be a very exciting time for us.

Carrier and enterprise networks are in front of a number of long-term upgrade cycles, as they are being driven to increased bandwidth and network intelligence to handle a new wave of robust and demanding applications being run over their networks.

As a result, our customers are deploying and developing next-generation intelligent, IP-based networks to support the increasing speeds and sophistication of these new applications.

Our industry-leading product portfolio and roadmap has put us at the center of this transition, as we are enabling our customers to offer enterprises and service providers systems capable of processing the growing complexity of network traffic, including such applications as IPTV, voice over IP, video downloads, triple and quad-play services, gaming and teleconferencing.

In order to support the increasing bandwidth and intelligence required for these applications, our customers are dramatically upgrading the performance and functionality of their high-end data plane architectures.

These new system designs are resulting in increasing usage of knowledge-based processors and enhanced layer four through layer seven processing capabilities.

Many of these new data plane architectures are centered around our customers' internally developed ASICs, which are designed with a unique custom link to our knowledge-based processors as a fundamental element of the new data plane design.

These new ASICs, such as Cisco's Quantum Flow processor, Alcatel-Lucent's FP2 processor and a number of others set to be released by our customers over the next 18 months, dramatically improved system performance over previous generations, delivering orders of magnitude increases in functionality and performance for enterprises and service providers.

These new processors also contain significant increases in a number of transistors, demonstrating how the complexity on both our side and our customers' side of the bus are simultaneously growing dramatically, making these custom ASICs a great match for our most valuable knowledge-based processors.

This [trend] comes at a perfect time for us, as our strong engineering execution and industry-leading product portfolio has enabled us to win a significant number of key designs during this critical phase, right when our customers are redefining their next-generation data-plane architectures and ASIC designs.

Given the tremendous investment to develop these new ASICs and system designs, utilizing our knowledge-based processors, we believe these programs will have a long life of five to seven years.

Further, the large majority of these designs use our sole-source proprietary architectures and proprietary unique programming software, interfaces and instruction sets, making the replacement costs steep and resulting in long-term design wins.

The strength of our technology and success is clearly evident by the broad market adoption that we are experiencing.

We now have design wins with all of the top 20 communications equipment companies for solutions sold into large enterprise and carrier networks worldwide.

This includes designs with existing, as well as new customers, such as ALAXALA, Alcatel-Lucent, ARRIS, Cisco, Ericsson, Xtreme, Force10, Foundry, Fujitsu, H3C, Huawei, Juniper, Motorola, NEC, Nokia Siemens, Nortel, Tellabs and ZTE.

In total, our customer base has steadily grown and the design opportunities have become increasingly diverse.

This ongoing diversification has allowed us to adjust to fluctuations in our customers' ordering patterns, as evidenced in the second quarter.

As Mike mentioned, some softness in the U.S. enterprise market, coupled with seasonal shipments at Alcatel-Lucent, resulted in a decline in our non-Cisco revenues in Q2.

However, strong growth at Cisco, driven by several new designs that continue to ramp in volume, allowed us to once again exceed our revenue and profit goals for the quarter.

As we enter Q3, we see our non-Cisco revenues resuming solid growth, driven by a rebound in our revenues with Alcatel-Lucent, following their seasonally slower Q2, as well as a general, broad-based strength, driven by IPTV, NTT's NGN deployment, 10-gigabit Ethernet, cable and the emerging global wireless market.

In the second quarter, our strong revenues from Cisco were particularly exciting, as we continue to see growth from our first two NL8000 designs and began the initial ramp of a design into a new data center switch.

Also, we had strong pre-production shipments of NL7000 processors to Cisco that are being used in new carrier-class boxes.

These are design wins for our most valuable products and represent sole-sourced opportunities for us at Cisco as there is no equivalent competitive solution in the market.

In the third quarter, we expect to ramp a third NL8000 program into the ASR router at Cisco.

We will also begin first preproduction shipments of our high-end NL8512, which currently enjoys a sole-source position.

Our NL8512 is approximately twice as valuable as the mainstream NL8000 and demonstrates Cisco's commitment and requirement to use an ever-increasing content of knowledge-based processing in next-generation data plane designs.

The overriding market trends that support our long-term growth potential across the entire customer base are also very exciting.

In the enterprise market, the adoption of 10-gigabit Ethernet is gaining momentum as a proliferation of video and virtualization applications delivered to growing numbers of Internet-connected devices is driving enterprises and data centers to upgrade their legacy equipment.

This is resulting in strong demand for both our physical layer products and our knowledge-based processors.

Industry analysts expect the market for 10-gig [E5s] to grow tenfold in port count over the next five years, representing a 58% compound annual growth rate over that period.

In response to this strong projected market growth, we continue to aggressively invest in further broadening our industry-leading product portfolio.

During the second quarter, we announced the industry's first quad-core 10-gigabit Ethernet physical layer devices that deliver the highest performance and lowest power consumption for next-generation switches, routers and blade servers, addressing the data center, enterprise networking, storage and service provider markets.

These new devices offer power savings and footprint reduction, allowing customers to develop higher-density switches and blade centers for next-generation equipment.

They are a great addition to our single and dual-port SMP Plus products, as well as our other advanced 10-gigabit solutions, including products for X2, XFP, Fibre Channel over Ethernet, [KR Backlane] and NIC and server applications.

This aggressive broadening of our product portfolio is a direct result of the stellar execution and hard work of the 10-gig PHY team, and I am extremely proud of these results, which include two very successful products delivered to our customers in the first half of this year, and we expect additional new product introductions in the second half of 2008.

The growth in video and virtualization applications and the increasing need for enterprise networks to support essential Internet features such as quality of service and security are also driving more demanding layer three functionality into the high-volume entry-level enterprise segment.

During the quarter, we announced our newest 55-nanometer NL56615 and NL3380 NETLite processors, targeted at a new generation of merchant silicon switches and NPUs.

These new NETLite processors support the deployment of next-generation IP converged networks, providing wire speed support of QOS and security on multi-gigabit systems at lower power consumption and higher port density.

Following what was a record design win quarter for NETLite last quarter, we added another seven new NETLite designs to the list in Q2.

Turning to our wireline and IPTV market, one of the most exciting developments in the second quarter was the beginning of the NGN buildouts in Japan and Korea.

We were very pleased to announce that our NL7000 family of knowledge-based processors has been selected by ALAXALA Networks for its high-end AX7800 router that will be shipped into leading carriers in Japan and South Korea.

Japan and South Korea are at the forefront of deploying highly sophisticated NGN networks, which completely phase out legacy technologies, replacing them with IP-based services.

NTT has been performing commercial trials of the NGN network since 2006 and is now rolling out nationwide deployment to support the successful adoption of broadband fiber to the home and 3G/4G mobile wireless services, as well as the increasing popularity of video and peer-to-peer content over their networks in recent years.

In Q2, we were also pleased with the continued signs of worldwide adoption of IPTV, now with an estimated 16 million subscribers worldwide.

While Europe continues to be the leader in IPTV deployment, the number of subscribers in China doubled year over year to more than 1 million, representing a new market that is primed for major growth over the next several years.

Further, we are seeing growth in IPTV subscribers in the U.S., as large investments by AT&amp;T and Verizon are likely to drive increased penetration over the next several years.

This strong growth in IPTV bodes well for us, given our content-rich designs with leading suppliers such as ALAXALA, Alcatel-Lucent, Cisco, Huawei and Juniper.

We are also continuing to benefit from the cable service providers offering higher-speed, advanced triple-play services to compete with IPTV.

We continue to project good growth from our lead customer, ARRIS, and are excited about our pending design ramps with Cisco and Motorola.

Turning to the mobile wireless infrastructure market, this market segment continues to move forward with the adoption of our technology.

The recent successful launch of the 3G iPhone, as well as the continued introductions and strong sales of other advanced smartphones is a very positive trend for us.

These new smart smartphones introduce compelling, video-intensive applications, now at speeds that will further accelerate mass adoption.

With such increased video and Internet connectivity being delivered to a growing number of unique subscribers, carriers are being required to invest in their network infrastructures with more intelligent IP-based equipment, utilizing our knowledge-based processors.

Now, moving to NETL7.

During the quarter, we achieved first-pass silicon success and began sampling our recently announced single-chip layer seven solutions.

Customer feedback has been very positive, as they were able to quickly and successfully bring up their advanced systems using this breakthrough technology.

We will work with our customers to bring these initial designs to production early next year.

With the success of our new single-chip family of products, as well as our 10-gigabit layer seven solutions and advanced roadmap, we saw significant uptick in customer activity, as they now look to take advantage of the unique capabilities of our NETL7 solutions that will allow them to incorporate deep packet inspection at many points in a network.

In conclusion, although these are not strong economic times, we believe that our growth in the short and long term is being driven by strong product cycles and industry trends that are converging in our favor.

The U.S. market is an important end market for many of our customers' equipment, and weakness here has prompted us to continue to be conservative in our planning and outlook.

But strain on networks to keep up with the increasing bandwidth requirements and complexity of today's traffic is necessitating the upgrade of legacy equipment worldwide, regardless of the particular economic backdrop in any given region at any given time.

Both we and our customers are entering exciting multi-year product cycles where our broad portfolio of advanced products are being incorporated into a wide array of our customers' products, including many that never utilized knowledge-based processors and 10-gigabit physical layer solutions before.

We believe that we have the correct products to address a strong and growing market, and that our opportunities will only strengthen as the economic backdrop improves.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the third quarter.

Then we'll open up the call for your questions.

As we look into Q3, given the continued volatile economic backdrop, we will remain conservative with our outlook.

For Q3, we expect Cisco revenues to be relatively consistent with Q2, even though we expect to see continued growth from our new NL7000 designs, our first preproduction shipments of the NL8512 and our first-ever ramps into the ASR router platforms.

Outside of Cisco, we expect strong resumption of revenue growth following the seasonal adjustment with Alcatel-Lucent and the continued adoption of our technology as our customers continue to deploy next-generation equipment.

Based on our backlog coverage, we expect revenues to increase to $38.3 million, representing an approximate 5% sequential growth from Q2 and 39% year over year.

Our Q3 revenue guidance reflects a very strong first month of shipments to all of our major customers, including Cisco and Alcatel-Lucent and full backlog coverage for the rest of the quarter.

We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately 66%, which is flat from Q2, and slightly ahead of our long-term model of 65%.

We expect non-GAAP operating expenses to increase to approximately $16.2 million, non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses to be approximately $11.2 million and non-GAAP SG&amp;A to be approximately $5 million.

Also in Q3, we expect interest and other income to be approximately $300,000.

We expect our tax expense for Q3 to be approximately 1% of our non-GAAP income before taxes.

We expect non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter to be $0.39 per share.

We expect our GAAP EPS for the third quarter to be $0.07 per share.

This includes an estimated $4.1 million in FAS-123R stock-based compensation, $3.3 million in the amortization of intangible assets, and $300,000 in a fair-value adjustment for acquired inventory.

Finally, we expect our GAAP share count to be approximately 22.9 million and the non-GAAP share count to be approximately 23.6 million in Q3.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call and now we are happy to take questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems, Inc. 2008 financial results conference call.

Leading the call are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Patrice, and I will be your coordinator for today's call.

All participants are in listen-only mode.

We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this call.

I would like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations.

Please proceed, ma'am.

Pardon the interruption.

And good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our third quarter 2008 results were deciminated by business wire after market close today and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at www.netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the third quarter, I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K filed on March 14, 2008, and form 10-Q, filed on May 7 and August 6, 2008, as well as other reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciliation items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock- based compensation, amortization of intangible assets and a fair value adjustment for inventory acquired.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue and operating expenses for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Mike Tate to discuss our third quarter results.

Thank you, Leslie.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported that revenue for the third quarter of 2008 was $38.3 million which was consistent with our previous guidance of $38.3 million.

Q3 revenues grew 5% sequentially from $36.5 million for the second quarter of 2008 and 39% from $27.5 million for Q3 of the prior year.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer was $13.9 million or 36% of our total revenue, compared with $16.3 million or 45% of our total revenue for Q2 2008.

The $13.9 million was lower than our expected amount due primarily to a dropoff in product folds late in the quarter.

Revenues from Alcatel-Lucent were 10% of revenue in Q3 which represented growth from the second quarter.

We do not have any other customers above 10% of our revenues in the third quarter.

Our Q3 non-Cisco revenues were up about 21% in the third quarter, reflecting the continued strong adoption of our products and our continued revenue diversification.

Our non-GAAP gross margins for the third quarter were 66.2% which excludes stock based compensation expense, the fair value adjustment related to inventory acquired from Cypress semiconductor and [Alero], and the amortization of intangible assets.

There's a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Our Q3 non-GAAP gross margin was ahead of our guided gross margins of 66%, due to our strong manufacturing execution and approved product mix.

Q3 GAAP operating expenses were $20.8 million which included $4.4 million of stock based compensation and $300,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $18.6million for the second quarter of 2008 which included $3 million for stock based compensation and $300,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $10.9 million for Q3 as compared with $10.6 million for Q2.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses excluding stock based compensation and the amortization of intangible assets were $5.2 million for Q3 as compared with $4.7 million for Q2.

Total non-GAAP operating expenses during Q3 were $16.1 million, compared with $15.3 million for Q2, 2008.

This compares favorably with the $16.2 million that we guided to last call.

Q3 interest and other income was approximately $400,000, compared with our combines of $300,000.

Our Q3 tax provision was a benefit of approximately $200,000 and reflects the current positive mix of our foreign and domestic, both income and losses.

On a GAAP basis, our Q3 net income was $1.3 million or $0.06 per diluted share, compared with net income of $2.3 million or $0.10 per diluted share for Q2 2008.

Non-GAAP net income for Q3 was $9.8 million or $0.42 per share, compared with $9.2 million or $0.40 per share for Q2 2008.

We had fully diluted shares of $22.8 million on a GAAP basis and $23.5 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents increased by $12.3 million in Q3 to end the quarter at $85.9 million, compared with the $73.7 million at the end of the prior quarter.

The increase in cash was a result of the continued strong cash flows from operations during the quarter.

Our accounts receivables was flat in dollars at $14.7 million and represented 35 days.

Third quarter net inventory decreased by $1.7 million and was at $14.4 million, compared with $16.1 million at the end of Q2.

This concludes my review of the quarterly results and I'd now like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

We are very pleased with our record Q3 results.

Q3 was another strong quarter of revenue growth with further customer and revenue diversification and a record level of design wins.

The continued growth of IP traffic, coupled with the increasing speeds and complexity of converged networks, are presenting us with tremendous opportunity to broaden the reach of our advanced product portfolio and as well as expand our customer base.

We continue to believe that our long-term growth prospects are stronger today than ever before.

In the near term, we are closely monitoring the repercussions of a weakened global economy and its impact on our existing run rate design.

Clearly, in the recent economic slowdown, it is appropriate to be very cautious and monitor the demand environment closely.

Although we are not immune to an industry slowdown, our strong business model and industry leading technology positions us well to expand our leadership and competitive advantages during these challenging times, and emerge even stronger as the business markets normalize.

To highlight the strength of our business model, it's important to note that most of our products are full custom parts with significant competitive advantages, and in some cases with no competitive equivalent part available.

As a result, many of our design wins are sole source, allowing us to command premium value for the unique capabilities we provide for our customers.

Our design cycles are long which also results in a product life that is on average five to seven years.

In addition to these long developmental and production cycles, there's stickiness to our design space on a large amount of engineering resources previously and currently being invested by our customers who take advantage of our unique hardware and software functionality.

Because of this huge investment, we are seeing our customers look to leverage this investment by replicating these designs throughout multiple system designs and putting them to their international design locations.

Our long-term gross margin is 65%.

Given our fabulous model, the value of our products, the long design cycles and operational execution, we believe our margins should sustain the current levels even in the weakened economy.

Also we are generating very healthy cash flows.

For Q3, our free cash flow of $11.6 million, represented 30% of our revenue.

For the first nine months of the year, our operating cash flow of $32.8 million is up 94% year-over-year.

While we will not be slowing down our product development efforts, including our development of 40 nanometer product designs, we will be very prudent on all discretionary spending to further control operating expenses in this environment which will allow us to continue to generate strong free cash flows.

Our superior product road map and engineering execution have positioned us strongly in our target markets.

Over the last 24 months, we have greatly broadened our portfolio including the NL 6000 XS, NL 7000, NL 8000, and NL 9000 families of advanced knowledge based processors.

The NETL7 family is [deep pack] inspection layer 7 processor, our second generation NETLite processors and a complete suite of 10 giga bit products.

We also have multiple chips at the 55 nanometer process now; something not offered by our competition.

Much of this development is the result of our customers challenging us to further extend the capabilities of our products to meet rapidly increasing bandwidth and performance requirements of the network.

A great example of this is our most recent announcement of the NL 91024 XP, the third member in our revolutionary NL 9000 hybrid knowledge based processor family.

This is our most advanced KDP introduced to date.

It is able to achieve an industry best 1.5 billion decisions per second at even lower power given its hybrid architecture.

Our aggressive product development has allowed us to increase the competitive differentiation of our portfolio and to maintain higher ASPs, while we offer our customers unique solutions to meet their aggressive road maps.

What is particularly exciting is that the R&amp;D investment for all of these announced products is behind us, but the revenue ramp associated with a significant number of design wins we have been awarded is still to come.

For these reasons, we believe we are well positioned to weather the challenges that the current macro economic environment presents.

However, in the near term, the current financial conditions have impacted demand, especially in the enterprise market.

In October, we have seen some softness from certain customers, including two of our top three customers.

In addition to some demand weakness, we are working with both of these customers on an inventory rebalancing in Q4.

As a result, our Q4 revenues are expected to decline from Q3.

However, we continue to see good momentum and strength from a broadening base of other customers which helps to partially offset this softness.

Excluding the revenues of these two large customers, the remaining revenue is expected to grow in Q4 by more than 10% sequentially, following a quarter where our revenues from this group were up 22%.

This continued strength is being driven by a combination of brand new customers, products ramping for the first time and the relative health of the following key markets.

First, our very successful penetration of designs in the advanced mobile wireless infrastructure market is beginning to show meaningful return, several quarters ahead of our earlier expectations.

Based on the strong demand for video and Smart Phones from Apple, Samsung, Nokia and others, carriers are upgrading the advanced bridging networks in order to ensure that the user experience for these devices meets expectations and is competitive with other carrier networks.

As a result, our existing customers that service this market, such as Alcatel-Lucent, are currently seeing strong demand to support these needs.

In addition, throughout 2009, we expect to see emerging NetLogic customers in this space such as Harrison, Nokia, Tel Labs and DTE become greater contributors to our revenue base.

Further, our design wins in this space continue to grow as our customers accelerate their efforts to meet the increased complexity of the mobile wireless infrastructure environment.

Second, we are also very pleased to report that in the fourth quarter, we expect to see good revenue growth in our NETL7 family of deep packet inspection layer 7 processors.

We are seeing growing need for deep packet inspection at many points across the network, as networks try to handle the ever increasing data and video traffic.

Deep packet inspection is increasingly required to secure the network and has its efficiencies by adding application level routing.

We are perfectly positioned to capture these emerging opportunities, given our unique and expanding portfolio and market leadership in layer 7 processing.

With our broad product line ranging from the needs of SMB firewalls with our low power, low cost, single chip solution to our recently announced industry 20 gigabit solutions.

We are able to serve the entire breadth of these new applications.

The [anolit] 205 which was announced only six months ago to address high volume applications, will begin to generate meaningful revenue in Q4 and is expected to continue to ramp over the coming quarters.

Also to extend our leadership in the high end, yesterday we announced the availability of our NLS 2000 which provides up to 20 gigabits per second of deep packet inspection performance to accelerate advanced layer 7 applications, such as intrusion prevention, anti-virus, anti-spam and application identification.

Looking to 2009, these trends should continue to build momentum.

In addition, 2009 revenues should also benefit from the growth of 10 gigabit ethernet.

While the enterprise market as a whole appears to be experiencing some softness due to the macro environment, there continues to be solid increases in the number of 10 gigabit ports as enterprises and data centers upgrade their systems in order to accommodate a multitude of video and virtualization applications, representing in many cases new camps for both our knowledge based processor families and our physical layer products.

For our physical layer products, the transition from the legacy larger sun pack modules to the low power smaller form factor X 2 modules, continues to be solidly underway where we hold a sizable market lead for these designs based on our industry leading power and footprint.

Also our design win success continues strongly across all of our physical layer products, including significant wins for the emerging SST plus applications.

2009 revenues should also benefit from the launch of a large number of new NETLite designs that we have won over the past few quarters.

These designs are expected to begin to contribute revenue in Q1.

The success we are seeing for NETLite processors is broad based as many end trail systems upgrade to the use of knowledge based processors for the first time, expanding the camp for our products.

During 2009, we'll be shifting into a host of applications, including enterprise desktop switches, aggregation boxes for [g-pon], cable and DSL and universal media gateways.

Another promising area for 2009 is wire lite telecommunications to cable.

Even in poor economic conditions, the growth of data, voice, and video traffic continues at a strong pace.

Equipment needed to support this increased traffic and complexity requires an increased level of knowledge based processors.

We're seeing the benefit of this trend as new equipment either incorporates knowledge based processors for the first time or existing equipment upgrades to higher content per system.

This is visible to us by the ramp of a growing number of new NL 7000s and NL 9000 based carrier boxes that we'll be rolling out in 2009 for customers such as Alcatel-lucent, [alaxala], Cisco, Erikson, Fujitsu, Nokia, Tel Lab, BTE as well as the ramp up of new cable boxes for Motorola and Cisco.

In closing, we will continue to execute on our aggressive road map and even further deepen our relationships with our existing customers.

Our broadening portfolio has taken us to new customers and new markets that are significantly expanding our camp, resulting in a record design win pipeline.

The continued adoption of our technology across a diversifying customer and market base positions us well for many positive long-term trends.

Also, the proprietary and strategic nature of our products enables us to drive a premium value and maintain favorable margins, providing us with a strong business model which allows us to make investments into our technology while remaining prudent on total spending and delivering strong cash flow.

As a result, our competitive positioning and breadth of market opportunities will continue to expand, thereby enhancing our growth profile when the economic backdrop improves.

At this point, I'll turn the call back over to Mike and discuss guidance for the fourth quarter.

Then we'll open up the call for your questions.

As we look into Q4, given the given the current economic backdrop, we will continue to be conservative in terms of our revenue guidance.

Additionally, although we will now slow down the development of our advanced products, we will work extra hard to control discretionary spending to minimize the total growth o operating expenses in this environment.

For Q4, as Ron mentioned, based on October activity to date, current inventory levels, we expect two of our top three customers to sequentially decline.

This will be partially offset by an expected increase in revenues from newly ramping products and markets, including NETL7 mobile wireless infrastructure.

Based on our backlog coverage, we expect revenues to decrease to $36.1 million, representing an approximate 6% sequential decline from Q3.

Our Q4 revenue guidance reflects favorable sales linearity, based on October shipments to date and full backlog coverage for the rest of the quarter.

We expect non-GAAP gross margins to increase to 67% from the 66.2% reported in Q3.

The increase in gross margins is due to continued strong operational execution as well as favorable product mix.

We expect non-GAAP operating expenses to decrease to approximately $16 million, non-GAAP R&amp;D to be approximately $11.3 million and non-GAAP SG&amp;A to be approximately $4.7 million.

Also in Q4, we expect interest and other income to be approximately $300,000.

The decrease reflects a decline in interest rates given our very conservative investment portfolio.

We expect our tax provision to be a benefit of approximately $200,000 which includes the benefit of the reinstated federal R&amp;D tax credit.

We expect non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter to be $0.37 per share.

We expect our GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter to be $0.02 per share.

This includes an estimated $4.7million in FAS 123 R stock based compensation, $3.3 million in the amortization of intangible assets, and $100,000 in the fair value adjustment for acquired inventory.

Finally, we expect our GAAP share count to be approximately 22.7 million and non-GAAP share count to be approximately 23.4 million in Q4.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call and now we'd like to turn the call over to questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome come to the NetLogic Microsystems fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 financial results conference call.

On the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations for NetLogic.

Thank you,Lemanuel, and good afternoon everyone.

Please note that our fourth quarter and 2008-year-end results were disseminated by business wire after market closed today, and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at www.netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the fourth quarter and year-end, I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earning's release, the risk factors in our form 10-K filed on March 14, 2008, and forms 10-Q filed on May 7, August 6th and November 5, 2008, as well as other reports the company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earning release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, a fair value adjustment for inventory required.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue and operating expenses for non-GAAP reporting.

I'll now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our fourth quarter and year-end results.

Thank you Leslie.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported that revenue for the fourth quarter of 2008 was $30.9 million.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, was $9.8 million or 32% of our total revenue, compared with $13.9 million or 36% of our total revenue for Q3 2008.

The decrease in revenue from Cisco was largely related to lower demand as a result of the weakness in the global economy, coupled with their efforts to lower inventory levels.

Revenues from Alcatel-Lucent were 18% of revenue in Q4.

Alcatel's sequential revenue growth was driven by the growth in shipments of equipment used in mobile wireless infrastructure, primarily in United States and China.

We did not have any other customers above 10% of our revenues in the fourth quarter.

Our non-GAAP gross margins for the fourth quarter were 66.9%, which excludes stock based compensation expense, the fair value adjustments related to inventory acquired from Cyprus Semiconductor and Aleros, and the amortization of intangible assets.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Q4 non-GAAP gross margins were in line with our guidance of 67% and reflect favorable product and customer mix during the quarter.

Q4 operating expenses were $19.7 million on a GAAP basis, which included $4.3 million of stock based compensation and $300,000 from the amortization of intangible assets.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $20.8 million for the third quarter of 2008 which also included approximately $4.3 million for stock based compensation and $300,000 for amortization of intangible assets.

Given the current economic challenges, we aggressively worked to control spending during the quarter.

As a result, total non-GAAP operating expenses for Q4 declined $1.1 million from the previous quarter, and were $15 million compared with $16.1 million per Q3 2008.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $10.5 million for Q4 as compared to $10.9 million for Q3.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A were $4.5 million for Q4 as compared with $5.2 million for Q3.

We will continue to be diligent in our efforts to control expenses in this environment, including the minimization of contractors and temporary labor, negotiating cost reductions from our suppliers and lowering discretionary items such as travel.

Although we are being aggressive in identifying cost saving opportunities, we are not impacting our strategic product and technology developments and road maps.

Q4 interest and other income was approximately $400,000, compared with our guidance of $300,000.

Our Q4 tax provision was a benefit of approximately $1 million.

Our Q4 tax benefit is driven by the current positive mix of our foreign and domestic book income losses and also includes as a benefit due to the reinstatement of the Federal R&amp;D tax credit.

On a GAAP basis, our Q4 net loss was $900,000 or $0.04 per diluted share.

Compared with net income of $1.3 million or $0.06 per diluted share for Q3 2008.

Non-GAAP net income for Q4 was $7 million or $0.30 per share compared with $9.8 million or $0.42 per share for Q3 2008.

We had fully diluted shares of 21.7 million on a gap basis and 23.1 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents and investments increased $10.6 million in Q4 to end the quarter at $96.5 million compared with $85.9 million at the end of the prior quarter.

The increase in cash was the result of the continued strong cash flows from operations during the quarter.

Our accounts receivable at the end of the Q4 were $8.4 million and represented 24 days.

The decrease in accounts receivable on DSOs were the result of favorable sales linearity coupled with strong collections.

Our ongoing target DSOs remain 35 days.

The fourth quarter inventory decreased by $700,000 and was at $13.7 million and compared to $14.4 million at the end of Q3.

Our year end accrued liability at $25.9 million includes our estimated payment of $15.5 million to the shareholders of Aleros, which will be made later this month.

This payment represents an earn out obligation that was achieved during 2008.

The amount was reported in Q4 as an adjustment to goodwill.

And now turning to the results for 2008.

Total revenues for 2008 was $139.9 million.

This is an increase of 28% over the $109 million for 2007.

Our 2008 GAAP gross profit was 56% compared with 59% for 2007.

Non-GAAP gross profit for 2008 which excluded stock based compensation, amortization of intangible assets and the effect of a fair value adjustment, was 66.3% as compared with 65.8% for 2007.

GAAP operating expenses for 2008 were $77.8 million, compared with $66.5 million for 2007.

Non-GAAP operating expenses excluding stock based compensation, in process research and development charges and the amortization of intangible assets were $61.3 million for 2008, compared with $49.3 million for 2007.

Our non-GAAP research and development expenses increased to $42.1 million for 2008 from $35.2 million for 2007.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses increased to $19.2 million from $14.1 million in 2007.

Net income in the quarter of GAAP for 2008 was $3.7 million, or $0.17 per share.

This compares to GAAP net income of $2.6 million or $0.12 per share for 2007.

Non-GAAP net income was $34.7 million or $1.50 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $26.7 million or $1.20 per share for 2007.

This concludes my review of the quarterly and fiscal year-end results and now I would like to turn will call over to Ron.

Thank you Mike.

2008 was a very productive year for NetLogic.

As a result of outstanding R&amp;D execution we advanced our technology road map and achieved unprecedented competitive positioning in our markets.

Over the course of year we successfully completed the conversion of the majority of our knowledge base processor product line to 55 nanometer process technology, a significant and unique achievement.

Further, we greatly expanded our addressable market with new, advanced knowledge base processor products that are becoming essential building blocks in next generation networking equipment.

Including systems targeted for emerging growth markets such as data centers, mobile wireless infrastructure and network security.

The competitive importance of our 55 nanometer initiative cannot be overstated.

This process geometry produces die that are approximately 18% smaller than the 65 nanometer node, and that are approximately 70% smaller than the 130 nanometer node where the majority of today's equipment is based.

Further, the efficiency of transistors at 55 nanometers have allowed us to dramatically advance the performance and functionality of our and knowledge-based processors, while at the same time significantly reducing power consumption.

Considered to be among the most pressing engineering issues for next generation system.

Our first product that was introduced at this node early in 2008 was the NL9000, industry's first hybrid knowledge-based processor.

Combining the advanced search processing capabilities of our knowledge-based processor technology with the efficiency and power saving capabilities of our Sahasra algorithmic technology.

This carrier class solutions introduction was ideally timed when a whole new class of converged networking equipment was being designed which has allowed us to win important designs with a number of new customers as well as expand our positioning with our existing customer base.

It is the only product in the market to achieve 1.5 billion decisions per second, with lower power consumption than previous generation products, making it ideally suited for the most demanding carrier class environments.

With this product we believe we've been able to win the majority of fifth generation design opportunities, spanning mobile wireless infrastructure, wireline telecommunications and IPTV applications.

We were also very pleased to announce in April this year, a 55 nanometer version of our NETLite product family for the second generation of merchant silicon switches and network processors from companies such as Broadcom and Marvel.

The advanced architecture of our NETLite product family can support higher performance levels and improved cost structure for customers, allows us to achieve gross margins for NETLite that are at the corporate level while servicing the high volume cost-sensitive segments of the desktop switching and ethernet access markets.

We also just announced on Monday that we have reached volume production of new NL7512 knowledge base processor family, which is a 55 nanometer version of our mainstream, third generation enterprise class product family.

One of the devices in this family is 100% backward compatible with our largest volume shifting families of products, the NL5000 and NL6000, allowing our customers, including our three largest customers, to easily upgrade their existing platform to support even higher performance and lower power consumption while leveraging their existing hardware and software investments.

The NL7512 processor family also includes a version with the expanded instructions set, that is currently integrated into our industry leading carrier class NL71024 X T knowledge base processor.

Specifically targeted at accelerating the processing of IPv6 packets.

These optimizations enabling existing architectures to more intelligently process packet headers at wire speed even for the wider and more complex IPv6 addresses these optimizations deliver a 300% improvement in IPv6 performance when compared with competing third generation solutions.

Expanded instructions set version will target higher ASP sockets, which coupled with the dramatically smaller die size, will maximize our profit potential for third generation design.

Which continue to be upgraded and proliferated in enterprise and other high performance networking applications.

With 55 nanometer options on our high end, mainstream and entry level products, we have created a significant barrier entity for competing solutions, and have given our customers the ability to drive enhanced value at every performance level.

Our R&amp;D execution in 2008 and our physical layer product portfolio was equally impressive.

We introduced a comprehensive portfolio.

Dual port, 10-Gigabit Ethernet PHY which are now all in production.

We also announced the industry's quad-port 10-Gigabit Ethernet PHY for SFT+ and KR back playing applications.

And finally in Q4, we announced the world's first 100-Gigabit Ethernet physical layer solution for next-generation carrier core, metro, data center and access aggregation applications.

This solution will enable OEMs to develop 100 gigabit ethernet systems which are believed to be a key step in resolving critical bottlenecks in optical transport, data center and storage networks.

We also continue to be the leader in X 2 modules and there is an ongoing transition from the previous generation high-powered Xenpak to the more advanced small footprint low power X2 module.

In addition, we believe that we will continue our leadership as the industry moves to SFP+ technology over the next several years, given our broad portfolio of dual and quad SFP+ products, 100 gigabit ethernet solutions and our strong design win pipeline.

Another important R&amp;D achievement in 2008 was the advancement our Net L-7 family of deep-packet inspection Layer 7 processors.

We're seeing strong indications that cyber security is increasingly becoming a priority, and the interest and design activity from our customer base reflects this sentiment.

We believe that we have a very strong competitive position thanks to our continued innovation in this emerging area, resulting in the most complete suite of solutions available to address complex content processing requirements.

Adding to our successful family of ten gigabit per second Layer 7 processors, earlier in 2008 we introduced the industry's first single chip content processing solution that's capable of scaling from 250 megabits per second to 2.5 gigabits per second without requiring external memory.

This family of processors for which we commence volume shipments in Q4 is targeted at high volume applications such as security and networking systems for small and medium size businesses and data center servers.

Additionally, during the fourth quarter we reached an industry level best performance with the availability of our NLS 2000 which now provides up to 20 gigabits per second of performance to accelerate advanced Layer 7 applications such as intrusion prevention, antivirus, antispam and application identification.

We are particularly excited about the emerging Layer 7 market because the potential is sizable, and the highly complex processing for deep-packet inspection create considerable barriers to entry.

Now turning to some thoughts on the current markets.

While the weakened demand environment caused a downturn in our revenues during the fourth quarter, there are several areas of our business that are demonstrating growth potential for 2009.

First, our revenues from the wireless infrastructure market grew in Q4, driven by the worldwide upgrade of carrier networks to 3G in order to support strong sales of video and Smart phones and continued projected growth in data subscribers.

Our current customers that support this market, such as Alcatel Lucent, have strong demand which is continuing in 2009.

Also in 2009, we expect initial contributions from our newer customers such as Ericsson, Nokia, Tellabs and ZTE.

The biggest factor driving our wireless infrastructure currently is the aggressive investment in the 3G build-out taking place in China following the awarding of 3G licenses to the three major carriers.

Research reports coming out of China predict a total spend over three years of approximately $41 billion.

We have broad exposure to this build-out through numerous design wins with Huaweil, ZTE and the European suppliers.

Additionally, we continue to experience very strong design activity.

Particularly with our most valuable NL7000 and NL9000 families of products that offer special instructions set to manage complex IPv6 addresses and advanced processing capabilities to support the most technically challenging search processing environments for 3G converged networks.

Although there are many reports of 2009 CapEx spending cuts by carriers, we believe the more aggressive cuts will be for Legacy equipment where we have little to no exposure and that their investments in new and converged networks to support the growing data and video traffic over mobile wireless networks and cable and IPTV broadband will be more stable.

Vectors that drive our business continue to look healthy.

The mobile wireless market, the continued strong adoption of 3G phones, carriers are focusing their investments of expanding their 3G capability in order to leverage the increasing revenue streams per subscriber which is derived from their video and data plans, and helps offset their decreasing voice revenue.

In the wireline market, cable and IPTV service providers continue to aggressively compete for customers with the most advanced high speed triple play services.

At stake is the revenue stream from downloads of video, video on demand, and faster high-speed internet access, as well as voice over IP telephone service.

Here again, Legacy voice services continue to drop and the best way to maintain revenues is through expansion into these triple play services.

On the enterprise side of the business, demand has been remained fairly weak with a couple of notable exceptions.

First, NETlite continues to build momentum with strong design win success throughout 2008.

We expect a couple of customers to launch in latter part of first quarter of 2009 with volume ramping over the course of year.

And finally, we expect revenues from our largest customer to begin to grow in the first quarter of 2009.

As they appear to make great progress on their inventory reduction and believe we are now shipping closer to their true demand levels.

There are several of our new designs with our NL8000 for high-end enterprise switching as well as NL7000 for the ASR routers will more substantially contribute to our Cisco business as we move through 2009.

We are in front of a strong product cycle with Cisco.

As of our current 27 design wins at Cisco, only five are in volume production.

Indicating a very positive product cycle over the next several years.

In closing, tremendous engineering and operational execution over the last two years has allowed us to advance our technology road map, both strengthening our competitive positioning and creating new markets for our products that represent additional exciting opportunities for growth over the next several years.

Because of this aggressive and effective acceleration in our R&amp;D efforts in 2007 and 2008, we believe we're in a great position to weather the current economic environment as much of the spending required to support our product development has already been taken, allowing us to control our cost without sacrificing any strategic R&amp;D initiatives.

Our strong balance sheet and positive business model coupled with a full suite of leading edge products and the most robust portfolio of design wins in our history give us the confidence that we will emerge from this downturn an even stronger company.

I would like to offer my sincere thanks to our employees for their continued dedication, enthusiasm and commitment to excellence that has made all of these accomplishments possible.

I would also like to thank our valued customers and investors for their continued support and interest in our company.

At this point I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the first quarter, then we'll open up the call for your questions.

As we look into Q1 we continue to be impacted by the overall weakness in the global economy.

We remain very supportive of our customers' efforts to work down their inventory levels to reflect the current demand environment.

We feel we made good progress in this regard in the fourth quarter, but some of our customers' inventory reduction effort will remain underway during the first quarter.

As Ron mentioned in his prepared remarks, we believe our largest customer has lowered their inventory levels where we are now shipping more in line with their end demand.

Also, we see incremental contribution from new design launches with our NL8000 and NL7000 with Cisco, which should provide increased revenue contribution throughout the year.

As a result, and based on shipments quarter to date, we believe revenues from Cisco will sequentially increase during Q1.

Other positives will be increased mobile wireless revenues for equipment shipped into China to support the new 3G equipment build-outs underway by the three major Chinese carriers.

These positive revenue drivers will help partially offset some of the continued weakness we're seeing in some consistent run rate designs, especially in the enterprise, data center and market applications.

As a result, we believe our Q1 revenues will decline to approximately $30.2 million or 2% from Q4.

This guidance reflects full backlog coverage plus an expectation for some additional rescheduling of backlog into Q2 in an ongoing support of our customers' inventory reduction efforts during the balance of the quarter.

We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be 65%.

The decrease in gross margins is a result of customer and product mix in Q1.

During the course of 2009, we expect an improving product mix and as a result, we do not expect further declines in gross margins this year from the Q1 level.

We expect non-GAAP operating expenses to decline to $14.9 million.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses to be approximately $10.2 million, and non-GAAP SG&amp;A to be approximately $4.7 million.

Also in Q1 we expect interest and other income to be approximately $200,000.

The decrease reflects a decline in interest rates given our conservative investment portfolio.

We expect our tax provision to be close to $0.00, given our current levels of U.S. and foreign profitability.

We expect non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter to be $0.21 per share.

We expect GAAP EPS for the first quarter to be a loss of $0.13 per share.

This includes an estimated $4.5 million in FAS-123R stock-based compensation and $3.3 million in the amortization pg intangible assets.

Finally, we expect our GAAP share count to be approximately 22.7 million and the non-GAAP share count to be approximately 23.4 million in Q1.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call and now we're happy to turn to questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to NetLogic Microsystems first quarter 2009 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive officer, Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

I will be your coordinator today.

At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.

We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference.

I would now like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations for NetLogic Microsystems.

You may proceed, ma'am.

Results were disseminated by business wire after market close today, and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the first quarter, I would like to point out that during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors and our Form 10-K filed on March 4th, 2009, as well as other reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non GAAP are stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, a fair value adjustment for inventory acquired, and a deferred tax asset valuation allowance.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue, operating expenses, and income taxes for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our first quarter 2009 results.

Thank you, Leslie.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported net revenue for the first quarter of 2009 was $30.4 million, which compares favorably to our previous guidance at $30.2 million.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, was $9.7 million, or 32% of our total revenue, compared with $9.8 million or 38% of our total revenues for Q4 2008.

The flat revenues were a little less than expected as we continued to see some softness in the enterprise markets, as well as what appeared to be a further reduction of inventories in the latter part of the quarter, which largely offset growth from new design revenues.

Revenues from Alcatel-Lucent were 16% of revenues in Q1, and revenues from Wuawei were 13% of revenues.

Wuawei's strong sequential revenue growth was driven by growth in shipments related to China 3G, the initial ramp of our NL 6000 for China and emerging market IPTV, and the initial ramp of our NETLite products for entry level enterprise switches.

We do not have any other customers above the 10% level in the first quarter.

Our non-GAAP gross margins for the first quarter were 65.8%, which excluded stock-based expense and the amortization of intangible assets.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Q1 non-GAAP gross margins were favorable to our guidance of 65% mainly due to better than expected product and customer mix during the quarter.

Q1 GAAP operating expenses were $19 million, which included $4.1 million of stock-based compensation, and $300,000 for the amortization of intangibles assets.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $20.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2008, which included approximately $4.7 million for stock-based compensation and $300,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

Total non-GAAP operating expenses for Q1 were $14.5 million, compared with $15 million for Q4 of 2008.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $10 million for Q1 as compared with $10.5 million for Q4 2008.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses were $4.5 million for Q1, as compared $4.5 million for Q4 2008.

Operating expenses came in below our expectation and decreased the last two quarters given our continued focus on controlling discretionary spending and managing costs.

Q1 interest and other income was a little less than $200,000, consistent with our guidance.

Our Q1 GAAP tax provision was an expense of $1.9 million.

During the quarter, the California legislature enacted laws that allows companies to elect a new apportionment factor after 2010.

This new law will reduce the amount of our income tax in California in future years.

Based on our anticipated election of this new apportionment, we determined the need to establish a valuation allowance to certain deferred tax assets totaling $3 million, which resulted in a Q1 charge.

We excluded this $3 million charge from our non-GAAP Q1 results.

The resulting non-GAAP tax benefit for the quarter is reflective of our current levels of income in our taxable jurisdictions.

On a GAAP basis, our Q1 net loss was $3.8 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, compared with a net loss of $1.1 million, or $0.05 per share for Q4 2008.

Non-GAAP net income for Q 1 was $6.7 million, or $0.29 per share, compared with $7.2 million, or $0.31 cents per share for Q4 2008.

We had fully diluted shares of $21.8 million on a GAAP basis, and $23.4 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents and investments decreased by $7.6 million in Q1 to end the quarter at $88.9 million, compared with $96.5 million at the end of the prior quarter.

The decrease in cash reflect the $15.5 million earnout payment that was made to the shareholders of Aeluros during the quarter.

Excluding this payout, we had another strong quarter of positive cashflows with over $8 million in free cash flow.

Our accounts receivable was $8.3 million, and represented 25 days.

The low DSOs were the result of favorable sales linearity coupled with strong collections.

Our ongoing target of DSOs remains at 35 days.

First quarter net inventory decreased by $2.8 million, and was at $10.9 million compared with $13.7 million at the end of Q4.

This concludes my review of the quarterly results and now I would like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

The first quarter was another solid quarter for us.

Our product and technology road map continues to take significant steps forward, as a result of remarkable engineering achievement across our product line.

Through our migration to 55 nanometer process technology and our broad portfolio of industry leading knowledge-based processors and physical layer solutions, we have created a class of advanced products that have widely distinguished us from competing solutions and opened up TAM opportunities in markets that are just now beginning to utilize the benefits of knowledge-based processors for the first time.

Many of these new markets require performance levels and feature sets that only we can offer, which has enabled us to win increasing numbers of strategically exciting designs, the importance of which will unfold over the next several years as these designs ramp to volume production.

This expansion of our TAM has allowed us to win a record number of designs in Q1.

We closed more than 25 design wins including multiple designs at our largest customer, Cisco, Wuawei, Alcatel-Lucent, Juniper, Brocade, and CTE.

At Cisco, we won four designs across multiple switch and router division, bringing our total number of advanced technology designs to 31, only seven of which have launched to date.

This give us us the best pipeline of designs at Cisco in our Company's history.

The worldwide growth in rich media traffic continues to drive new opportunities for our industry leading knowledge-based processor family.

What is particularly exciting is that many of these represent brand-new TAMs for our knowledge-based processor as our market expands from traditional enterprise networking to new opportunities in Internet based voice, data, and video applications.

One such opportunity is the mobile wireless infrastructure market, which is expected to be a solid growth driver for us over the next several years.

The worldwide upgrade of carrier networks to 3G has begun to accelerate in order to support strong sales of video and smart phones and continued projected growth in data subscribers.

We continue to experience very strong design activity in this area, particularly with our most valuable NL7000 and NL9000 families of products.

Built on industry leading process technologies, the NL7000 and NL9000 offer special instruction sets to manage complex ICV fixed addresses and advanced processing capability to support the most technically challenging search processing environment for 3G converged networks.

We hold an impressive collection of design wins from customers such as Alcatel-Lucent, Cisco,[Natone], Ericcson, Fujitsu, Wauwei, Juniper, NEC, Nokia Siemens, Tellabs and ZTE, with most yet to ramp to volume production.

We are also excited to see that our second largest customer, Alcatel-Lucent, was recently award $1.7 billion in contract for the 3G infrastructure buildout in China, and we will be heavily represented in the equipment provided under those contracts.

We believe that the mobile wireless infrastructure market will provide a gradually increasing stream of opportunities for us over the next several years as the industry moves through various stages of development.

The early benefit will come from the initial buildout of base stations in 3G enabled carrier networking equipment.

These systems will be minimally populated with knowledge-based processors initially and will become increasingly content heavy as more subscribers purchase and utilize 3G phones.

Then, as more 3G subscribers upgrade to more bandwidth intensive smart phone, additional network bandwidth will be required by telecom carriers in order to provide a competitive customer experience.

And finally, the explosion of new applications for the smart phone, many of which are very bandwidth intensive, will continue to further drive both carriers and enterprises to enhance their ability to support growing data and video traffic over mobile networks, with each of these steps requiring further increases in the content of knowledge-based processors.

Similarly, the increase in rich media content is also driving the worldwide wireline market buildout, as cable and IT TV providers compete for triple play customers.

While legacy voice and services spending continues to decline, service providers around the world, particularly in the US and in China have announced plans for capex expenditures for converged networks which offer them the opportunity to expand their revenue potential for video and data services.

Here again, we have broad based exposure to this market, and have amassed an impressive list of design wins from customers such as ALAXAL, Alcatel-Lucent, Harris, Cisco, Ericcson, Wauwei, Juniper, Motorola and Tellabs.

Like the wireless infrastructure market, the wireline market represents brand new TAM in our industry, only a fraction of which is in volume production.

We are already seeing exciting examples of this content expansion in newer designs.

For example, Cisco's new ASR9000 uses four to eight of our most valuable NL7000 knowledge-based processors on each line card.

Also, XR12000 high-end edge router which will begin its inial ramp for us in Q3, will use 12 of our newest 55 nonometer devices per line card.

At Alcatel-Lucent, the ongoing evolution of its 7450 and 7750 ethernet aggregation in edge routers to terabit speeds has driven steadily increasing content of knowledge-based processing in each successive generation, upgrading from our legacy network search engines, to our most advanced product, the NL71024XT.

All four of these designs are great examples of how next generation equipment is requiring higher levels of content and performance of our technology to handle the increasing speeds and complexity of Internet traffic.

The result is that within a few years, we believe knowledge-based processing will represent one of the largest semiconductor dollar content in many of the key nodes enabling next generation Internet.

Turning to the enterprise market.

Although demand continues to be soft it and is expected to remain so through the second quarter, we believe that inventory is now at its lowest level in quite some time.

As we move into the back half of the year, we expect to see our enterprise revenues grow, driven by increased contribution from new design launches which use our N7000, NL8000, and the NL9000 products at a broad range of customers including Brocade, Cisco, Wauwei and Juniper.

Also, we believe that the recent announcement between IBM and Brocade, in which IBM will distribute Brocade's networking product, should be very positive for our business with Brocade given IBM's extensive distribution network and our very high content in Brocade's enterprise switching equipment.

Further, our NETLite processor family continues to experience strong design activity and as entry level desktop switches continue their move towards using knowledge-based processors for a broader range of price points.

This is driven by IP phones and the need for high quality video delivered to desktop computers and notebooks.

We saw initial production volumes, as the first of these boxes hit the market in the first quarter.

We expect steadily increasing business from this sector for the foreseeable future, with stronger growth occurring as the larger OEMs prepare for their launches later this year.

In addition to our immediate momentum with our design wins and knowledge-based processors, we also continue to drive our technology road map to further expand our TAM for years to come.

As a great example of this, earlier this month, we announced a truly revolutionary new product, the NLS 2008 Layer 7 knowledge-based processor for our NET L7 family.

This product is a significant step forward from conventional and competitive content processors in the market.

It is the first and only product that performs Layer 7 functions deterministically and can operate at 120 gigabits per second.

This breakthrough in performance allows our Layer 7 technology to be designed directly on the data plane of a switch and router line card.

We'll be able to inspect every bit of every packet at wire speed.

The data plane design opportunities represent a significant step up in volume versus today's Layer 7 designs on the control plane.

Interest in this product thus far has been very strong, as customers are facing exponential growth in both security threats such as malware and intrusion as well as bandwidth requirements for managing increasing video, peer to peer and virtualization applications.

Turning to our physical layer products, in another example of market leading innovation, we demonstrated the industry's first 100 gigabit ethernet size solution at the OSC conference in San Diego.

The worldwide growth in rich media content such as video downloads and peer to peer communications is creating bottlenecks in the carrier core, metro, and data center networks.

By offering customers 100 gigabit technology for the first time, it will push these bottlenecks closer to the edge of the network, which will result in increasing opportunities for our knowledge-based processors and 10 gigabit products in a growing number of applications.

We're the first and only company to demonstrate and deliver such a critical network component and we have already booked design wins with five Tier 1 OEMs for near term delivery and we are engaged with an additional 10 to 15 large companies.

Before we close, I also want to comment on our announcement today that we are acquiring a network search engine assets from IDT.

We are very excited about this transaction as it gives us the opportunities to further support our largest customer, Cisco, and expand and strengthen our relationship with other important customers.

In addition to a large number of designs at Cisco, IDT's products successfully penetrated corners of the Internet that we had not yet targeted.

These design wins further expand our TAM.

Many of these non Cisco designs have not yet ramped, providing growth opportunities for this expansion of our product line.

Additionally, this transaction includes over 75 patents and other very important IP.

In conclusion, this is a very interesting time for us.

Despite the challenging economic back drop, design activity in all of our markets continues to be very strong, demonstrating the importance of our knowledge-based processor and physical layer products in next generation networking and communications equipment.

It is particularly exciting to us that our addressable market is expanding as explosion of video and virtualization applications and services drives the need for more advanced system interfaces and pushes the demand for knowledge-based processing to nearly every corner of the Internet.

Our design win activity and interest in our products are positive indicators that our market is poised to grow significantly over time, and will become increasingly diverse in nature.

Further, our deep customer relationships and strong competitive positioning give us confidence that we are in the early stages of a lengthy and positive technology cycle that will fuel our growth for years to come.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the second quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions.

As we look into Q2, we believe most of our customers' inventories are back to reasonable levels given the current demand environment.

As Ron mentioned, we believe the enterprise markets are soft, and will continue to be so in Q2.

However, we are encouraged by the demand levels supporting the buildouts of 3G, IPTV and cable networks.

Also, we believe our 10 gigabit physical layer products should resume growth.

Based on these factors, we believe our Q2 revenues will increase to approximately $32 million or a 5.4% sequential increase from Q1.

This guidance reflects full backlog coverage plus an expectation for some additional rescheduling of backlog into Q3 which we believe is prudent given the current macroeconomic environment.

We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be 66%.

The increase in gross margins is due to continued strong operational execution.

We expect non-GAAP operating expenses to increase to $15.3 million, non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses to be approximately $10.7 million, and non-GAAP SG&amp;A to be approximately $4.6 million.

The increase in non-GAAP R&amp;D reflects increased NRE and product development costs, as we advance our product portfolios.

Also in Q2, we expect interest and other income to be approximately $150,000.

We expect our tax provision to be close to zero dollars, given our current levels of US and foreign profitability.

We expect non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter to be $0.25 per share.

We expect our GAAP EPS for the second quarter to be a loss of $0.15 per share.

This includes an estimated $5.8 million of FAS 123R, stock based compensation, and $3.3 million in the amortization of intangible assets.

Finally, we expect our GAAP share count to be approximately 22.6 million, and our non-GAAP share count to be approximately 23.9 million in Q2.

This guidance does not include today's announced purchase of IDT's network search engine assets which we acquired for $90 million plus the cost of inventory on hand at close.

We expect the transaction to close sometime in Q3 following customary closing and regulatory filings.

Upon closing of the transaction, at our option, we may pay the entire purchase price up front, or we will pay IDT $60 million, plus the cost of inventory, and will issue to IDT a $30 million promissory note payable on two installments of $15 million each on the first and second anniversaries of the closing.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call, and now we'll be happy to turn the call over to the operator for questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems, Inc. second quarter 2009 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer and Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

I would like now like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations for NetLogic Microsystems.

Thank you Keisha, and good afternoon everyone.

Please note that our second quarter 2009 results were disseminated by business wire after market close today, and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the second quarter, I would like to point out that during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K filed on March 4, 2009 and Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2009, as well as other reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

Additionally, we will be making specific forward-looking statements, and financial guidance regarding our third quarter 2009 operating results.

This guidance is based on an estimated merger date with RMI Corporation on August 31, 2009, and projections provided to us from RMI Corporation.

However, this merger date is still subject to regulatory and shareholder approval, and accordingly may change.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason except as required by law, even as new information becomes available and other events occur in the future.

Also, on the call we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, acquisition related costs, and interest income on a bridge loan to RMI Corporation.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue, operating expenses, interest income, and income taxes for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our second quarter 2009 results.

Thank you, Leslie.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported that revenues for the second quarter of 2009 was $32.5 million, which compares favorably to our previous guidance of $32 million, and represents a sequential increase of 7%.

Revenue from Cisco systems, our our largest customer was $11.1 million or 34% of our total revenue, compared with $9.7 million or 32% of total revenue for Q1, 2009.

Revenues from Cisco grew nicely given stabilization in the enterprise markets, coupled with revenues from new programs that are in the initial ramp phase.

Revenues from Alcatel-Lucent were $5.3 million or 16% of revenue in Q2, as compared to 16% of revenues for Q1.

The growth in revenues from Alcatel reflects continued positive contribution from worldwide 3G wireless and IPTV wireline ramps.

Revenues from Huawei were 10% of revenues, compared with 13% of revenues in Q1.

We do not have any other customers above 10% of our revenues in the second quarter.

Our non-GAAP gross margins for the second quarter were 66.7%, which excludes stock-based compensation expense and the amortization of intangible assets.

There is complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Our 66.7% compared favorably to our guided gross margins of 66%, and was largely driven by favorable product mix during the quarter.

Q2 GAAP operating expenses were $22.8 million which includes $5.8 million of stock- based compensation, $1.3 million in the acquisition related costs of IDT and RMI and $300,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $19 million for the first quarter of 2009, which included approximately $4.1 million of stock based compensation and $300,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

Total non-GAAP operating expenses for Q2 were $15.3 million, compared with $14.5 million for Q1 2009, which was in line with our previous guidance with the growth being largely attributed to increased product development and tape out related expenses.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $10.7 for Q2 million as compared with $10 million for Q1 2009.

Non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses were $4.6 million for Q2 as compared with $4.5 million for Q1 2009.

Q2 interest and other income was approximately $250,000 on a GAAP basis.

Our non-GAAP interest and other income excludes $125,000 related to interest recognized on a $15 million bridge loan we provided in RMI in June.

During the quarter, our Q2 tax provision was a benefit of $1.9 million, which was due to a better than expected mix of our foreign and domestic booked income and losses.

On a GAAP basis our Q2 net loss was $2.2 million or $0.10 per diluted share, compared with a net loss of $3.9 million or $0.18 per share for Q1 2009.

Non-GAAP net income for Q2 was $8.4 million or $0.35 per share, compared with $6.7 million or $0.29 per share for Q1 2009.

We have fully diluted shares of 22 million on a GAAP basis, and 24.1 on a non-GAAP base.

With respect to the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents and investments decreased slightly $600,000 in Q2, to end the quarter at $88.3 million compared with $88.9 million at the end of the prior quarter.

The decline in cash reflects the $15 million bridge loan we issued to RMI.

Excluding this note, we had another strong quarter of positive cash flows with over $11 million dollars in operating cash flows in Q2.

Our accounts receivable was $8 million and represented 22 days.

The low DSOs were the result of favorable sales linearity, coupled with strong collections.

Our on going target DSOs remains at 35 days.

Second quarter net inventory decreased by $1.2 million, and was at $9.7 million compared with $10.9 million at the end of Q1 2009.

This concludes my review of the quarterly results.

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

This is a great time for NetLogic Microsystems.

Our results in the second quarter came in ahead of our expectations, as we are seeing improving demand for products across our end market, including enterprise in 10 GbE ethernet, as well as continued momentum in the wireless and wireline infrastructure markets.

Further the second quarter, was another very strong quarter of design wins with emphasis on our most advanced solutions designed in 55 nanometer technology.

We also won a key tier one design with our newest 3rd generation 20 gigabit NETL7 product which was announced in April.

We are excited by the strength of our business and the positive product cycle that we are entering.

And we believe that our successful acquisition IDT's network search engine business and our pending merger with RMI positions us for a significant expansion of our business potential over the next several years.

One of the most visible drivers of our business in 2009 and beyond is the worldwide upgrade to wireless and wireline converged IP networks.

Although there are many reports of CapEX spending cuts by carriers, we believe the more aggressive cuts are related to legacy equipment, where we have little to no exposure.

And carrier investment in converge networks are continuing to increase, in order to support the growing data and video traffic over mobile wireless, networks and IPTV broadband.

In particular we are seeing strong growth in the worldwide upgrade and expansion of 3G mobile wireless telecommunications infrastructure capacity.

And are seeing positive indicators that this buildout will continue for several years at the rapid adoption of smart phones and the proliferation of bandwidth intensive applications for these devices, puts a strain on network capacity and impacts the consumer experience.

Further, a number of operators have recently committed to deploying 4G long term evolution networks in the next two years, including Verizon wireless, MetroPCS and US Cellular in the United States.

NTT DoCoMo and KDDI in Japan, TeliaSonera, Tela2 and Telenor in Europe, and China Mobile.

The development of 4G networks is particularly exciting because the base of knowledge based processors to achieve the increase significantly even from the currently content heavy 3G networks.

This is very positive for NetLogic, as we have broad based exposure to both 3G and 4G buildout though nearly every major OEM including Alcatel-Lucent, Cisco, Ditong, Ericksson, Fujitsu, Huawei, Juniper, NEC, Nokia Siemens, Tellabs, and ZTE among others, and expect to see a prolonged revenue growth cycle from this market.

For example, Cisco's XR 12000 high end carrier class edge router is ramping up for us in Q3, and will use 12 of our newest 55 nanometer devices per line card.

Alcatel-Lucent has also continued to be strong for us, even in the typically weaker summer months as a result of strength in both rolled wide 3G, and IPTV infrastructure.

And as we look into the second half of the year, we expect to receive material revenue from Ericsson and ZTE for the first time as the routers utilizing our knowledge based processors will launch in Q3.

We also expect Nokia Siemens and Tellabs to contribute to our revenue growth in 2010.

Similarly, the increase in rich media content is driving the worldwide wireline market buildout as cable and IPTV providers compete for triple play customers.

In the second quarter, we experienced from customers in this market such as Alaxala and Alcatel-Lucent and Arris.

And our backlog in customer's forecast indicates continued growth in the second half of 2009.

Turning to enterprise, while we maintain a conservative outlook for this market in 2009, we are seeing positive indicators that the weakened demand in inventory digestion that has affected enterprise over the last several quarters has shown improvement.

Our revenues from Cisco were up in the second quarter, and are expected to further improve in Q3 as a result of new design launches and mainstream switching.

Further, we have continue to see strong design activity at Cisco as we close on five more new design wins during the quarter, indicating that our most valuable products will be heavily represented in the development of next generation equipment.

Also we are expecting to see growth in our enterprise revenues from Brocade in the third quarter, both of as a result of it's expanded distribution channel that leverages IBM sales force, as well as the result of its architecture that uses as a higher content of knowledge-based processors as differentiator to bring higher levels of layer 4 processing to the enterprise segment.

In the entry level desktop switching market, more and more equipment now utilizes knowledge based processors to accommodate high quality video and the additional functionality of IP phones.

In the second quarter our initial NETLite design wins continued to ramp at several customers, and we expect more programs to reach volume productions in the latter half of the year, including those from larger desktop switching OEMs.

Based on our collaboration with these leading OEMs we were pleased to announce last month the availability of our NL33100 NETLite processor family, that's supports the deployment of next generation IP converged networks, including IPv6 routing, protocol tunneling, virtual private land services, and Voice Over IP management.

This new product family delivers double the performance in IPv6 data density providing the cost point, feature set, and low power consumption required by customers to address the growing need for advanced functionality in high volume entry level switches and routers.

Our design wins for NETLite, knowledge based processor family continued to gain momentum as we closed on five new designs during the quarter, indicating that the long term potential for this market is exciting and building.

Turning to physical air solutions, we continue to experience very strong interest in our suite of advanced products in addressing critical bottleneck in carrier core, metro, and data center networks as a result of the proliferation of video and virtualization applications.

We recently began sampling industry's first single-die quad-port 10 Gigabit PHY devices which are manufactured with advanced 40 nanometer process to deliver the highest performance and lowest power consumption for next generation networking and communications equipment.

Also, the customer response to our NLP10000, industry's first 100 Gigabit ethernet PHY solution has been very positive.

This solution is also manufactured in TSMC's advanced 40 nanometer process and offers customers unprecedented scalability for data center, metro, and long haul applications.

We believe that we're the only company to offer 100 gigabit capable PHY silicate, demonstrating our commitment to leading edge innovation and superior execution of our technology road map.

We currently have backlog for the NLP10000 from a number of tier 1 OEMs and engaged with many additional companies.

Turning to Layer 7, we are very pleased by the strong response that we are receiving from our newest NLS2008 knowledge based processor which is the industry's first processor capable of deterministically performing Layer 7 content aware processing functions at over 100 Gigabits per second.

This chip, which was announced in April is already generating backlog with tier 1 vendors, highlighting the critical need for more intelligently managed network utilization and security.

The breakthrough in performance of this device allows for a Layer 7 technology to be designed directly on the data plane of switch and router line cards and will be able to deterministically inspect every bit of every packet at wire speed.

The data plane design opportunities represent a significant step up in volume versus today's Layer 7 designs on the control plane.

Also, we are very excited that our NetL7, Layer 7 knowledge based processors were used by the leading supplier of SMB fire wall equipment to enable the additional functionality of intrusion prevention, malware detection, antivirus, anti-spam, and application identification, all at wire speed.

This new model won Best of Show at Interop Las Vegas May 2009, as well as at the recent Interop in Japan.

This product the stated to have 20 times the intrusion prevention performance of currently available competitive products.

The single chip NetL7 processor used in this application provides for higher performance, unified threat management and intrusion prevention services for high performance security, routing, and switching services targeted at distributed enterprise environments.

Before closing, I'd like to give you an update on our plans to merge with RMI, which is expected to occur in later this quarter.

First, the logistics of the merger are proceeding as planned and going smoothly.

Second and most importantly, customer response is very strong, and significantly exceeds our expectations prior to the merger announcement.

Current customers of RMI are excited about the potential enhanced manufacturing support and financial strength of the combined company.

As well, many of our customers that are hesitant to design with private companies, have shown strong interest in designing with RMI products, to take advantage of the industry leading performance assuming the successful conclusion of the merger.

It appears that the industry is primed for a major move to the use of multi-core processors.

Similar to the growth drivers that are opening up new opportunities for our knowledge based processors, and high performance physical layer products, the ever increasing bandwidth and complexity of today's IP traffic coupled with the rapidly evolving technological requirements of these services are causing a shift in the data plane processing market from the use of single core processors to highly programmable multi-core processors.

The nature of packet processing involving a steady flow of unique packet information, aligns almost perfectly with the parallel processing capability of multi-core processors.

Equipment manufacturers have been investigating and designing their next generation converged IP applications, to take advantage of the dramatic performance and functionality offered by multicore processors.

Following this investment cycle which began a few years ago, we believe the ramp of multi-core processors is poised for very strong growth, as it's begins to be deployed in the advanced 3G, 4G wireless, IPTV, security and storage markets.

Going forward networking and communication performance requirements are increasing so rapidly that customers need even more performance than are offered by current multicore processors.

To address the increasing complexity bandwidth requirements, RMI's currently ramping XLR processor uniquely offers four way multi-threading, an advanced processing technique that provides a breakthrough increase in throughput, while also lowering power consumption.

This technology, coupled with XLR super pipeline 1.5 gigahertz core, which has 50% faster than the competing multicore products, gives RMI a dramatic performance advantage in packet processing.

This has allowed RMI to garner a very large percentage of design wins in the most performance demanding applications, such as Layer 7 content processing, and 3G, 4G base stations, and network controllers and (inaudible) gateways.

RMI is at the very beginning of this cycle, as most of these design wins have not yet ramped to line production.

Further, we were pleased to participate in the launch of RMI's newest XLP platform, which was well attended particularly by high level representatives of many tier 1 customers as well as a host of ecosystem partners.

As a testament to RMI's commitment to innovation, the XLP product family will feature the highest performance and power efficiency of any competitive product on the market.

It is ideally suited for advanced network packet processing environments such as security, storage, and wireless infrastructure where the multi-core, multi-threaded architecture is extremely beneficial.

The XLP processor is designed on TSMC's 40 nanometer node, offering tremendous benefits over available and announced competitive solutions.

In closing,this is an exciting time for us.

Our knowledge based processors and physical layer products are addressing a critical need in managing increasingly bandwidth intensive and complex IP network traffic, enabling us to outperform the general semiconductor market.

Also our advanced Layer 7 products are receiving tremendous design activity, as our customers develop new equipment that can intelligently manage network utilization and enhance network security.

Further, the early transition of our product line to 55 nanometer process node has been very successful, with strong-year-old performance and rapid customer adoption, allowing us to achieve unprecedented design win success, and strong growth margins in key markets that will ramp over the next many years.

Our continued focus on leadership, coupled with our expanding TAM and customer diversification, gives us confidence in our ability to achieve healthy growth in our business in 2009 and beyond.

Further, our pending merger with RMI significantly enhances our business potential, and creates additional value for our customers, employees, and shareholders.

At that point, I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the third quarter, and we'll open up the call for your questions.

Our guidance for Q3 will include the effects of both the acquisitions of IDT's network search engine business, as well as the pending merger with RMI Corporation.

Our acquisition of IDT's network search engine business closed on July 17th, and our guidance reflects a partial quarter.

We expect our merger with RMI to close around August 31st.

The RMI merger is still subject to our shareholders and regulatory approval, so this date could change.

Today's guidance assumes an August 31st close.

As we look into Q3, we are encouraged by the broad strength of our business across the enterprise, wireless, wireline and 10 gigabit markets.

We believe that our customer's inventories at reasonable levels and revenue growth is being driven by new design ramps and positive market trends.

Based on those factors, we believe our Q3 revenues, excluding contributions from any IDT and RMI product sales will grow approximately 8% from Q2 to $35 million.

We expect the revenues from the IDT network search engine business to contribute approximately $4.2 million in additional revenue, And that the RMI business will contribute approximately $6.8 million in additional revenue for the month of September.

Combined, we expect our revenue to total $46 million for Q3.

The estimated revenues for both the IDT and RMI do not include estimated sell through of inventory held at their distributors on the closed date of the transactions.

Under purchase accounting, we will not be able to recognize such revenue.

Therefore, the numbers do not reflect the true run rates of these businesses.

We expect the accounting for the distribution sell through to have a nominal effect in Q4.

So we expect the revenues to approximate full run rates for both acquisitions in the fourth quarter.

The guidance for the NetLogic revenues reflect full backlog coverage, plus an expectation for some additional reschedulings of backlog into Q4.

We expect combined non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately 66%.

We expect non-GAAP operating expenses to increase to approximately $21.1 million, non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses to be approximately $14.6 million, and non-GAAP SG&amp;A to be approximately $6.5 million.

On July 17th, we borrowed on our new $55 million debt facility to fund the purchase of IDT's network search engine business.

With the outstanding debt, we estimate interest expense of approximately $600,000 in Q3.

We expect our tax provision to be near $0 in Q3.

We expect our non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter to be $0.32 per share.

Given the complexity of the purchase accounting surrounding our two acquisitions, as well as the timing of the RMI merger, we are not in a position to provide guidance on a number of our GAAP income statement items.

Our Q3 non-GAAP earnings do not include stocks based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, fair value adjustments for inventory, interest income on our bridge loan to RMI, payroll taxes on certain equity awards to the RMI employees, and further costs to be incurred for the acquisition and integration of IDT and RMI.

We expect our GAAP share count to be 24.4 million shares, which includes an estimated 2.2 million shares for the RMI merger.

And the non-GAAP share count 27.2 million in Q3, which includes an estimated 2.6 million shares for the RMI merger and the related RMI employee equity awards.

The RMI related shares are weighted to assume an August 31st merger date, and being outstanding for one third of the quarter..

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call.

And now we're happy to take questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems third quarter 2009 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Behrooz Abdi, Executive Vice President.

I will be your coordinator for today's call.

At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode.

(Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation to Ms. Leslie Green, Investor Relations for NetLogic Microsystems.

Thank you Shauntiley, and good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our third quarter 2009 results were disseminated by business wire after market close today and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the third quarter, I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K filed on March 4, 2009, Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2009 and proxy statement filed on September 30, 2009 as well as other reports the company files from time to time with the SEC.

Additionally, we will be making specific forward-looking statements and financial guidance regarding our fourth quarter 2009 operating results.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason except as required by law even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, fair value adjustment related to acquired inventory, acquisition-related costs, interest income on a bridge loan to RMI Corporation and the establishment of deferred tax asset valuation allowance.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue, operating expenses, interest income and income taxes for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our third quarter 2009 results.

Thank you, Leslie.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported that revenue for the third quarter of 2009 was $42.3 million and represented a sequential increase of 30% from the prior quarter.

The $42.3 million compares favorably with our previous guidance of $39.2 million, which excluded any contribution from RMI.

During Q3, we closed the purchase of IDT's network searches and business that contributed $6.6 million in revenues during the quarter and was better than our previous expectations of $4.2 million.

Excluding these revenues, Q3 revenues of NetLogic products increased 10% sequentially to $35.7 million.

Revenue from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, was $16.8 million or 40% of our total revenue compared with $11.1 million or 34% of our total revenue for Q2 2009.

Revenue from Cisco grew nicely given a combination of new product ramps of NetLogic design wins, improving end market demand for enterprise equipment and the contribution of the newly acquired IDT network search engine products.

Revenue from Alcatel Lucent were $6.2 million or 15% of revenue in Q3, up from $5.3 million in Q2.

The strong growth in revenues from Alcatel reflects continued positive contribution from worldwide 3G wireless and IP TV Wireline ramps.

We do not have any other customers above 10% of our revenues in the third quarter.

Our non-GAAP gross margins for the third quarter were 66.2% which excludes stock-based compensation expense, the amortization of intangible assets and the fair value adjustment related to acquired inventory.

There is a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins in today's earnings release.

Our 66.2% gross margins were in line with our guided gross margins of 66%.

Q3 GAAP operating expenses were $25.3 million which included $6.3 million of stock-based compensation, $1.4 million in the acquisition-related costs for IDT and RMI and $300,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

This compares with GAAP operating expenses of $22.8 million for the second quarter 2009 which included $5.8 million of stock-based compensation, $1.3 million in the acquisition-related costs for IDT and RMI and $300,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

Total non-GAAP operating expenses for Q3 were $17.2 million compared with $15.3 million for Q2, 2009.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $12.4 million for Q3 as compared with $10.7 million for Q2, 2009.

Non-GAAP GAAP SG&amp;A expenses were $4.8 million for Q3 as compared with $4.6 million for Q2, 2009.

The increase in non-GAAP operating expenses is largely due to increased product development activities as we expand our product portfolio at advanced geometries.

Q3 interest expense was approximately $200,000 on a GAAP basis.

Our non-GAAP interest expense excluded $375,000 related to interest income recognized on a $15 million bridge loan we provided RMI in June.

The total net interest expense for the quarter is consistent with our previous guidance.

During the quarter, our Q3 tax provision was a benefit of $800,000 which was due to better than expected mix of our foreign and domestic book income and losses.

On a GAAP basis, our Q3 net loss was $3.9 million or $0.17 per diluted share compared with a net loss of $2.2 million or $0.10 per share for Q2, 2009.

Non-GAAP net income for Q3 was $11 million or $0.45 per share compared with $8.4 million or $0.35 per share for Q2, 2009.

We had fully diluted shares of $22.2 million on a GAAP basis and $24.7 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, our cash balance totaled $33.4 million at the end of the quarter.

We continue to have strong cash flows from operations of $12 million.

During the quarter, we borrowed $37 million to fund the acquisition of IDT's network search engine division.

Subsequent to this initial borrowing, we paid back $8.5 million from cash generated from operations and ended the quarter with $28.5 million outstanding on our credit facility.

Our accounts receivable was $10.5 million and represented 22 days.

The low DSOs were the result of favorable sales linearity coupled with strong collections.

Our ongoing target DSOs remains at 35 days.

Third quarter net inventory increased by $11.8 million to end the quarter at $21.5 million.

This compares to $9.7 million at the end of Q2, 2009.

The large increase in inventory is primarily due to the new inventory that we acquired as part of the IDT network search engine business acquisition.

Also as part of the acquisition, we acquired $8.2 million of inventory and we were -- additionally we were required under GAAP purchase accounting to mark up the inventory above cost to account for the inventory at fair value.

Excluding the fair market value adjustment, our inventory balance at end of the quarter represents about 104 days and is in line with our target in historical levels.

This concludes my review of the quarterly results, and now I'd like to turn call over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

This was another outstanding quarter for NetLogic.

Continued positive trends in the wireless and wireline infrastructure markets, coupled with the early signs of a recovery taking place in the enterprise market resulted in strong demand for our products.

During the quarter, we enjoyed the successful launch of several key designs at Cisco as well as initial volume ramps with Ericsson and ZTE.

Additionally, we are very pleased to have just completed our merger RMI last week which greatly expands our addressable market and provides tremendous opportunity for additional growth.

This merger comes at a time when both companies are at their strongest competitively and when the market opportunity is ideally matched to our respective product portfolios and technology roadmaps.

We are excited to leverage our combined strength to expand our reach in the market and influence the architectural development of next generation communications infrastructure.

One of the most exciting end markets is 3G, 4G, mobile wireless and wireline IP infrastructure with our significant architectural changes underway creating a host of new opportunities.

Carrier networks worldwide continue to face unprecedented growth in the usage of bandwidth intensive video and virtualization applications as a result of the strong adoption of smartphones, net books and other sophisticated internet connected devices.

Therefore, investments in advanced technology to maximize the performance and capability of these networks are announced regularly by carriers around the world.

More than 120 operators worldwide have committed to deploying LTE networks between 2010 and 2015 in order to support this growing data and video traffic.

We also see growth in wireline and broadband communications where the move towards IP infrastructure is accelerating.

These trends in wireless and wireline IP bode very well for our entire advanced product portfolio.

Our sales and design wins for this end market increased again for the third quarter, and we expect this trend to continue in the fourth quarter.

For example, we're excited about the new launches underway with Ericsson and ZTE given their share of the wireless market, and we look forward in 2010 to more new design launches including Nokia Siemens, Tellabs and others.

Wireless infrastructure market is also providing new opportunity for our NetL7 family of Layer 7 content processing solutions.

Our NLS 2008 product family announced in April it is the only content processor on the market that can be designed directly onto the data plane of switch and router line cards to determine (inaudible) form Layer 7 content aware processing functions at over 100 gigabits per second.

This breakthrough in technology opens a brand new camp for us in applications such as edge and wireless backhaul equipment where the volumes can be significantly higher than Layer 7 designs on the control plane.

We have already won designs at three tier one OEMs and are excited by the level of interest we are experiencing from a number of others.

Turning to the enterprise market, we continue to see evidence that the demand environment is improving and that our customers' inventory is relatively low.

Our revenues from Cisco exceeded our expectations in the third quarter as a result of continued launches and mainstream switching.

Additionally, our revenue from Brocade increased significantly in the third quarter driven by our rapidly increasing content per box as Brocade moves to a higher mix of multi-10 gigabit line cards.

In the entry level desktop switching market, we continue to see increasing demand for advanced Layer 3 functionality to support high quality video and IP phone capability delivered to desktop computers and notebooks.

Our NETLite revenue ramp is ahead of our expectations, and we believe that our design win portfolio -- with our design win portfolio, we should continue to see good growth as additional designs ramp to volume production in 2010.

Turning to our physical layer solutions, the market adoption of 10 gigabit ethernet continues to increase as worldwide growth in broadband services, cloud computing, virtualization and rich media content creates greater bandwidth demands on carrier core, metro and data center networks.

According to Infonetics, 10 gigabit port shipments are finally posed for rapid growth and are expected to more than triple in the next three years.

To support this, we continually expand our physical layer product portfolio, and we're pleased to announce production availability of our new NLP1220 dual port fiber channel Fi device.

This device offers best in class power consumption and latency to customers developing next generation data center switches and connected storage devices.

Now turning to RMI, on October 30, we completed our merger and are excited to welcome the employees of RMI to NetLogic Microsystems.

The integration is proceeding very smoothly as our strong partnerships prior to the merger coupled with remarkable synergies in our technologies, customers, geographic locations and company cultures have created a natural fit for our combined success.

We expect to begin merging our facilities in the Silicon Valley over the next several months and will be driving other operational leverages in our combined purchasing strength and manufacturing cost structure.

Further, the timing of our merger is ideal as communications and networking OEMs are re-architecting their solutions to manage a whole new level of complexity in network traffic.

With the expected exponential growth in converse IP traffic, we are seeing a major shift toward the use of multi-core processors in applications such as 3G/4G wireless, IP TV, security, data center and storage.

After two solid years of steadily increasing design wins across all of these expanding market segments, the XL family of multi core, multi threaded processors is now entering a phase of very strong revenue ramp.

In Q3, RMI's revenue from the multi core family grew 22% sequentially and is poised for strong growth again in the fourth quarter.

Looking to the future, the multi core products continue to capture many significant designs at multiple tier one customers in 3G/4G wireless and WiMAX applications such as radio network controllers, base stations, cell site routers and gateways, as well as a host of applications in the enterprise, security and storage markets.

We are in the very early stages of this product cycle with only a small percentage of our designs beginning to ramp.

In addition to the multi core, multi threaded processors, RMI continues to have strong success with its family of ultra low power embedded processors.

For example, recently launched AU1300 is generating a lot of interest among customers for many applications including enterprise clients, automotive infotainment, telematics, small and midsize communications and connected media applications.

In closing, this is a very exciting time for us.

The successful completion of our transactions with IDT and RMI broadens our reach in networking and communications infrastructure and allows us to leverage a tremendous amount of collective expertise to develop highly innovative solutions for our customers.

Our product portfolio and technology roadmap are aligning perfectly with significant and long term opportunities in the markets that we serve, giving us confidence in our growth potential in 2010 and for years to come.

Before we move to the financial guidance, I'd like to turn the call over to Behrooz to get some additional perspective on our merger.

On behalf of RMI, we're very excited to finalize our merger with NetLogic Microsystems.

Ron and the entire NetLogic team have made our transition so seamless that the synergies between our two companies are exceeding our expectations.

We have already begun to bring together the critical skill sets of both teams and high speed circuit design, processor architecture, low power techniques and software expertise that will enable to us develop platform level solutions that combine our multi-port processors with NetLogic's strong IP portfolio.

For example, our engineers are working together in 40-nanometer process on products to be announced next year that will integrate our most advanced technologies and provide optimized performance, efficiency and ease of use for critical data and applied on applications.

Further, we are discovering compelling opportunities for our new unified sales efforts as both companies have establish strong and positive relationships across their respective customer bases that are being leveraged into exciting growth potential for our combined product offerings.

We are seeing tremendous interest from both current RMI customers who would like to expand the use of multi core, multi threaded processors in their designs and also from tier one companies in NetLogic's customer base who have been hesitant in the past to work with a private company for such critical processing components.

Our initial discussions with those customers have been very encouraging, and we believe that we'll be extremely competitive in design win opportunities going forward.

Both companies share a strong commitment to excellence in customer service and support as of evidenced by our impressive combined list of top tier customers and expansive design win portfolio.

For example, during the third quarter, NetLogic received a prestigious award from Cisco Systems for outstanding service and support.

This award exemplifies the dedication to customer satisfaction that both companies share, creating a very positive environment for the cross leverage of our combined customer relationships.

Finally, we are already seeing tremendous strength of our manufacturing that will drive improvements in product cost structure as we move forward.

I am confident that our combined operations and expertise will further enable enhanced product yields and lower cost manufacturing.

In total, the collaboration and cooperation between our teams has been very positive and we are very excited to move forward together in order to build an enterprise that can scale beyond what either company can achieve on its own.

Our employees are very focused on delivering our innovative product and technology roadmap and look forward to building the next phase of our combined company together.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the fourth quarter.

Then we'll open up the call for your questions.

As we look into Q4, we are very encouraged by the broad strength of our business across our end markets.

We believe our revenue growth is being largely driven by a combination of new product design ramps as well as positive market trends.

Our Q4 guidance will include two months of revenue and operations from the RMI Merger which just closed at the end of October.

For Q4, we believe our revenues will be approximately $61.5 million.

Given the timing of the closures of these two transactions, for our Q4 guidance, we will break out our revenue expectations for these products.

We expect NetLogic revenues, excluding the products from the recent acquisitions from IDT and RMI, to be up approximately 11% to $39.5 million, revenue from IDT's network search engine business to be approximately $8 million and the two months of revenue contribution from RMI to be approximately $14 million.

The estimated RMI revenues do not include sell-through of inventory held at their distributors at the close of the merger.

Under purchase accounting, we will not be able to recognize such revenue.

We expect our combined non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately 65%.

We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses to increase to approximately $27 million, non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses to be approximately $18 million and non-GAAP SG&amp;A to be approximately $9 million.

We estimate interest expense will be approximately $600,000, and we expect our tax provision to be near zero dollars in Q4.

We expect our non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter to be $0.42 per share.

Given that the RMI merger just closed a few days ago and the complexity of the purchase accounting, we are not in a position to provide guidance on a number of our GAAP income statement items.

Our Q4 non-GAAP earnings do not include stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes, amortization of intangible assets, fair value adjustments for inventory and the IDT supply agreement, one month of interest income on a bridge loan to RMI and further costs to be incurred for acquiring, integrating and restructuring IDT and RMI.

We expect our non-GAAP share count to be approximately 29.6 million which includes 4.6 million for the weighted impact of the shares issued to the RMI shareholders and equity granted to the new employees joining us from RMI.

Finally, on June 1, in connection with our announcement of the merger with RMI, we provided a 2010 financial outlook.

At that time, we forecasted our revenues to be approximately $275 million with $1.60 of non-GAAP EPS.

Given continued strength in the knowledge based processor, 10-gigabit Fi and multi core businesses, we now believe that our 2010 revenues will total over $295 million, and our 2010 non-GAAP EPS should be approximately $1.75.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call, and now we're happy to take questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Behrooz Abdi, Executive Vice President.

I would like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations for NetLogic Microsystems.

Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our fourth quarter and fiscal 2009 results were disseminated by Business Wire after market closed today and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at NetLogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, I'd like to point out during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in or Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2009, our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 9, August 5, May 5, as well as the proxy statement filed on September 30 and other reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

Additionally, we will be making specific forward-looking statements and financial guidance regarding our first quarter 2010 and fiscal year 2010 operating results.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP are stock-based compensation,and related taxes, changes in contingent earn-out liability, amortization of intangible assets, fair value adjustment related to acquired inventory, acquisition-related costs, debt issuance, costs written off, interest income on a bridge loan to RMI Corporation, tax effect of inventory fair value adjustment, adjustment charges related to certain tax reserves relating to a inter-company license agreement and the establishment of deferred tax asset valuation allowance.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue, operating expenses, interest income and income taxes for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2009 results.

Thank you, Leslie.

Good afternoon everyone.

Today we reported revenues for the fourth quarter of 2009 was $69.5 million and represented a sequential increase of 64% from the prior quarter.

This compares favorably with our previous guidance of $61.5 million and reflects a strong performance from our core revenues, as well as revenues from our recent acquisitions of RMI Corporation and IDT's Network Search Engine business.

On October 30 we closed the merger with RMI, which contributed $14.5 million in revenues during the fourth quarter.

Revenue for the sale of IDT Network Search Engine products contributed $9.6 million, which was an from of our previous guidance of $8 million, and (inaudible) the $6.6 million in Q3 2009.

Excluding revenues from these two acquisitions, NetLogic revenues increased 27% sequentially to $45.4 million, from $35.7 million for Q3, ahead of our guidance of $39.5 million.

Our strong revenue growth in the quarter was due in large part to the early ramps of a number of exciting programs.

For the NetLogic core products, we are starting to ramp several new enterprise solutions at Cisco and Juniper, and numerous new telecommunications infrastructure programs at Alcatel Lucent, Ericsson, Motorola and ZTE.

We are also starting new ramps of our new IDT Network Search Engine products at Huawei and Tellabs.

The 10-Gigabit PHY market was also very strong as we begin initial production of new data center programs at Arista, Blade Networks and Voltaire, as well as benefiting from the accelerating replacement of XENPAK of X2 modules selling to Cisco and HP.

We have very little exposure to legacy XENPAK and we have the leading position in X2 given our industry leading low power CMOS technology.

In multi-core processors, new ramps are starting at Dell, Huawei, HEC, Juniper, Symantec and ZTE, spanning high growth applications including IP backhaul for wireline and wireless networks, WiMAX, CDMA, WCDMA and TD-SCDMA base stations and radio network controllers, advanced storage networks, wireline switches and routers and Layer 7 security appliances.

Q4 revenues from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, were $24.1 million, or 35% of our total revenues, compared with $16.8 million, or 40% of our total revenue for Q3 2009.

Revenue from Cisco grew nicely given a combination of improving end-market demand for enterprise equipment, new product ramps of our new design wins, and increased revenues from the sale of products from our acquisitions from IDT and RMI.

Rev knew from Cisco for our core products were up $6.1 million to $18.7 million.

Revenue from Huawei was $7.4 million or 11% of our total revenue for the fourth Quarter.

As a result of solid contributions from the sale of our Knowledge-Based Processors, network search engines and initial revenue contributions from multi-core processors.

Revenue from Alcatel Lucent grew to $6.6 million, or 10% of our revenue.

There were no other customers that exceeded 10% of our revenue during the quarter.

Our non-GAAP gross margins for the quarter was 65.7%, which excludes stock-based compensation expense, the amortization of intangible assets and the fair value adjustment related to acquired inventory.

Our 65.7% gross margins were slightly better than our guided gross margins of 65%, reflecting strong operational execution.

Q4 GAAP operating expenses were $57.9 million, which included $24.2 million of stock-based compensation and related taxes, $2.7 million in acquisition related costs for the IDT and RMI, $2 million for an increase in our contingent earn-out liability to the RMI shareholders and $700,000 for the amortization of intangible assets.

Total non-GAAP operating expenses for Q4 were $28.3 million, compared with $17.2 million for Q3 2009.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $18.8 million, and non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses were $9.5 million for Q4.

Q4 non-GAAP operating expenses were above our guidance of $27 million due to higher variable expenses on higher revenues, as well as continued aggressive investments in our 40-nanometer product development.

Q4 interest expense was approximately $900,000 on a GAAP basis, our non-GAAP interest expense was approximately $500,000 and excluded $524,000 for a charge related to the write-off of our debt issuance costs and $125,000 related to interest income recognized on a $15 million bridge loan we provided RMI in June.

In Q4, we settled the bridge loan with RMI as the inter-company transaction following the merger, and we also paid off all outstanding debt on our term loan.

Our Q4 GAAP tax provision was the benefit of $2.3 million, excluding the tax effect of the fair value adjustment on acquired inventory and a charge related to tax reserve related to an inter-company license agreement, our Q4 non-GAAP tax provision was a benefit of $500,000.

On a GAAP basis our Q4 net loss was $37.2 million, or $1.43 per diluted share.

Non-GAAP net income for Q4 was $17.5 million, or $0.59 per share, compared with $11 million, or $0.45 per share for Q3 2009.

For Q4 our stock-based compensation was $24.4 million, as compared to $6.5 million for Q3 2009.

The large increase in stock-based compensation included $9.3 million related to the issuance of fully vested shares to certain employees of RMI as a result of the merger.

Additionally the higher amount reflects the ongoing increase in our stock-based compensation for all of the new employees that joined us from RMI.

The merger effectively doubled our headcount,which ended the year at 560 employees worldwide.

For Q4 we had fully diluted shares of 26.1 million on a GAAP basis, and 29.4 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to our balance sheet, our cash balance totaled $44.3 million at the end of the quarter.

We continue to have very strong cash flow from operations, with over $16 million generated in Q4.

Also during the quarter, we issued 700,000 shares of common stock at a price of $42.45 per share as part of a registered direct equity financing that provided us with $29.7 million in net proceeds.

We also paid the shareholders of RMI $12.6 million as part of the merger consideration.

Our accounts receivable was $25.1 million and represented 32 days.

Our ongoing target DSOs remains at 35 days.

Inventory ended the quarter at $45.1 million.

This amount included $15.9 million in a fair value adjustment for the acquired inventory from IDT and RMI, recorded as part of purchase accounting.

Excluding the fair value adjustment, inventory at the end of the quarter was $29.2 million and represents approximately 100 days after adjusting for a partial quarter of RMI operations in Q4.

The 100 days is consistent with our targeted number of days.

This concludes my review of the quarterly results, and now I'd like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

2009 was a truly transformative for NetLogic.

Outstanding engineering achievement in our Knowledge-Based Processor and Physical Layer solution allowed us to achieve record numbers of design wins, unprecedented competitive positioning and a further extension of our technology leadership.

During the year we successfully completed the transition of our Knowledge-Based Processor product line to 55-nanometer process technology, and established a leadership position in the aggressive migration of our entire product portfolio to 40-nanometers.

This has created significant barriers to entry for competing solutions and is enabling a whole new level of performance capabilities for our customers.

In addition, 2009 marked a major step in the growth of NetLogic with our successful merger with RMI, a technology leader and true innovator in the rapidly emerging high-end multi-core processing market and ultra-low power embedded market.

The combination of our two companies is allowing us to leverage remarkable synergies to create new opportunities for high growth in high-speed data playing and control playing processing.

Our combination comes at an ideal time, when the capabilities with both companies advanced products are aligning perfectly with the exponential growth in converse IP traffic and rigorous processing demands in security, storage, telecommunications, data center and enterprise networking.

The integration of NetLogic and RMI is proceeding very smoothly.

Our team has come together in such a seamless way it feels as though we have been one company for many years.

Our worldwide operations team is fully unified, and we have further strengthened our operations in Taiwan, which is lower cost and close to our suppliers, enabling us to support strong revenue growth across all of our product lines.

We have made significant progress in streamlining the manufacturing flow for RMI products, with the XLR and XLS products on 90-nanometer technology, and the Optical products on 80-nanometer.

Both are ramping very smoothly, and we'll see a gradually increasing contribution of the benefits of our unified operations flow over the course of this year.

In addition, we have been successfully transitioning the Network Search Engine business that we acquired from IDT to our manufacturing flow, and we expect a majority of these products to be qualified on a manufacturing flow by the middle of 2010.

This will provide significant benefits in terms of yield improvements and cost efficiencies.

Also through our merger with RMI, we've expanded our Sales and Applications team to over 80 people worldwide, all of whom have now been cross-trained to represent our full product line.

We believe our record numbers of design wins demonstrate both a strong trend towards the adoption of multi-core processing technology, as well as our success in effectively cross-selling our product portfolio.

Further, we believe that are RMI customers are awarding us a higher percentage of design than they would have prior to our merger, as a result of the combined Company's strong business model and long-term support capability.

Turning to our markets.

2009 was a very important year for the emerging Layer 7 market as customers are facing dramatic increases in both security threats such as malware intrusion as well as bandwidth requirements for managing increasing video, peer-to-peer and virtualization applications.

As a result, design activity for both our Knowledge-Based Processors and Multi-Core processor for Layer 7 applications grew in intensity throughout the year and continues to gain momentum.

We expect several of these designs to begin to contribute to revenue this year.

For example, we close our first two NETL7 knowledge-base processor designs wins at Cisco in 2009, and both of these projects are expected to ramp in the second half of 2010.

Also for our multi core processor family, one of our most exciting new design wins is a high-end security appliance application from another Tier 1 customer that uses multiple XLR processors with the highest performance configuration.

This one design win is expected to approach a $10 million annual run rate in the second half of this year, and is an indication of the enormous value we bring to this market.

Turning to the Enterprise market, in the fourth quarter we continued to see that the demand environment is improving, with strong revenues from all of our customers.

Throughout the downturn in this market, design activity continued to increase at customers such as Brocade, Cisco, Huawei and Juniper and this activity is translating into launches of new products with enhanced performance, such as faster speed and increased quality of service and security.

These launches position us well for strong revenue growth in 2010.

Examples of this are the new Multi-10-Gigabit line cards from Juniper and Brocade that use our most advance Knowledge-Based processors and 10-Gigabit PHYs, to deliver greater performance level over previous generations.

Further new product launches and mainstream switching and an increase in enterprise demand continues to drive growth in our revenues from Cisco which increase by $7.3 million in Q4 over the prior quarter, exceeding our expectations.

Our net live revenue grew meaningfully it in 2009, as OEMs are increasingly designing in these processors to accommodate high-quality video and the additional functionality of IP phones.

This family of products had a record number of design wins in 2009, as well as increasing number of designs each quarter throughout the year.

With the substantial design win portfolio, we should see solid growth 2010, as additional designs at several major customers ramp to volume production.

We're also seeing renewed strength in the market for our Physical Layer solutions, fueled by rising demand for 10-Gigabit Ethernet, as well as continued success during 2009 in delivering on our aggressive road map of product and road map technology.

The market adoption of 10-Gigabit Ethernet is approaching an inflection point as worldwide growth in broadband services, cloud computing, virtualization and rich media content creates greater bandwidth demands on carrier core, metro and data center networks.

As a result we are now beginning to see 10-Gigabit Ethernet switches announced with as many as 96 ports, up from just 24 ports a short time ago.

This dramatic increase has fueled strong design activity from our Physical Layer products, particularly our dual- and quad-port 10 Gigabit Ethernet PHY devices, which is we announced 2009 and began shipping later in the year.

With aggressive engineering execution, we have clear technological leadership with the first production quad-port device manufactured in the advanced 40-nanometer process, allowing us to deliver the highest performance and lowest power consumption for next generation networking and communications equipment.

We believe our leadership in 10-, 40- and 100-Gigabit PHY solutions, coupled with the increasing market adoption of this technology will drive our revenue for these products in 2010 and beyond.

Turning to the Communications market.

2009 was a year of strong growth for us, as initial design wins in wireless IP infrastructure began ramping to volume production.

In 3G wireless infrastructure, we saw major initiatives by carriers around the world to upgrade and expand their networks as the rapid adoption of Smartphones and the proliferation of bandwidth intensive applications for these devices puts a significant strain on network performance.

To deal with this increase of traffic in 2010, AT&amp;T, T-Mobile, Telstra, Vodafone and others will begin to deploy HSPA-plus networks, the next generation of 3G wireless infrastructure that features speeds of up to 21 megabits per second and significantly more IPv6 capability.

HSPA-plus networks utilize an even heavier content of our most advanced Multi-Core Multi-Threaded processors and Knowledge-Based processors.

We have amassed a very impressive portfolio design wins, enhanced packet core, edge routing, radio network controllers and advanced common platform base stations through customers such as Alcatel Lucent, Cisco, Ericsson, Huawei, Nokia Siemens and ZTE that will begin to ramp later this year.

Even as the second generation 3G deployments are occurring, more than 120 carriers around the world are also developing 4G networks to keep pace with the continued exponential growth in bandwidth requirements.

We have broad exposure through every major OEM to the LTE network infrastructure that will incorporate approximately ten times the capability of HSPA-plus, and will utilize an even heavier content of our most advanced solutions for faster speeds and greater bandwidth.

We expect this market will be a significant growth driver for us for many years to come.

Similarly in wireline infrastructure, rich media services such as video-on-demand, interactive gaming and 3D content, as well as the proliferation of Hi-Definition channels, are driving tremendous growth in bandwidth requirements.

This is positive news for us as it fuels the need for our Multi-Core and Knowledge-Based processors.

We're seeing strong design activity in this area from customers such as Alcatel Lucent, Cisco, Ericsson, Juniper and Motorola.

Every one of these customers has now boxes reaching volume production in 2010 that incorporate a much higher content of our product than the previous generation.

To build on this design momentum, yesterday we announced our sixth generation Knowledge-Based processor, which is the industry's first knowledge-based processor with high-speed serial interface.

This new Knowledge-Based processor shows the synergy of our product portfolio, as this chip combines our aggressive design leadership in 40-nanometer 10 Gigabit PHY technology with our unique capability in 40-nanometer Knowledge-Based processor technology.

The competitive barrier is now twice as high for alternative solutions, which will need to duplicate our innovations, engineering execution and years of investment in both of these technologies.

Our integration of high-speed serial interface more than triples to chip-to-chip interconnect bandwidth, enabling unprecedented system performance with lower system costs.

We believe this capability is a critical factor in enabling richer services for LTE IPTV, and IPv6.

Turning to multi-core processing, the need to deliver rich services for LTE IPTV, and IPv6 is driving a significant change in the architecture of the data plain.

We're seeing a growing sense of urgency to dramatically increase packet processing performance at virtually every customer in all of our target markets.

In design activity occurring in our customers right now, multi-core processing is replacing single-core processing at an increasingly rapid rate.

The extent of which will become more visible to the general market over the next several years, as product cycles play out.

As a result, we continue to build a very valuable portfolio of designs that will drive our future growth as they begin ramping to volume production.

In the fourth quarter, we won nearly double the number of designs from the prior quarter for our XLR and XLS processors.

These products, as well as the truly revolutionary XLP processor, are coming into the market at the exact time when the technology demands of networking and communications are beginning to require their advanced performance.

Our XLR and XLS Multi-core processor business grew 26% in Q4 over Q3, and we expect a similar strong rate of growth in Q1.

This is particularly exciting because we are so early in the ramp of the XLR and XLS.

Our growing number of design wins in IP wireline, 3G and HSPA-plus, LTE, storage, switching, routing, Layer 7 security and data center applications are feeding an increasing pipeline of designs which have yet to begin the revenue contribution to our results.

The adoption of multi-core processing is a key technological dislocation that is just beginning to play out.

We're in a prime position to be a significant beneficiary of this trend, resulting in a major design cycle that will provide tremendous growth for us for many years to come.

In closing I would like to express my gratitude to all of our employees for their continued dedication, enthusiasm and committment to excellence.

Their efforts made 2009 a very successful year.

I'd also like to thank our valued customers and investors for their continued support and interest in our Company.

At this point,,t I'll turn the call over to Mike to discuss guidance for the first quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions.

As we look into Q1, we are very encouraged by the continued broad strength of our business, driven by the strong secular trends in our end-markets in our increasing ramp of new customer programs.

For Q1 we believe our revenues will be approximately $85 million or up 22% sequentially from Q4 2009.

We expect revenue growth from our Knowledge-Based processors, 10 Gigabit Ethernet PHYs, and Multi-Core processors.

We have more than full backlog coverage to meet this guidance.

We expect our non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately 65%.

We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses to increase to approximately $35.5 million, non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses to be approximately $24.5 million and non-GAAP SG&amp;A to be approximately $11 million.

We estimate interest and other income to be near $0.

We expect our income tax to be approximately 5% of our non-GAAP income before taxes.

We expect our non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter to be $0.56 per share.

We expect our GAAP EPS for the first quarter to be a loss of $0.63 per share.

This includes estimated $12 million for FAS 123(R) stock-based compensation, $15.9 million for fair value adjustments on acquired inventory and $10.5 million in the amortization of intangible assets.

We expect our non-GAAP share count to be approximately 33.3 million, and our GAAP share count to be approximately 31 million shares.

Finally, I would like to update our full-year guidance for 2010.

On our Q4 2009 earnings conference call last October, we guided our 2010 revenues to be at $295 million, and our 2010 non-GAAP EPS to be $1.75.

Given continued strength all of our businesses, we now believe that our 2010 revenues will be approximately $350 million, and our 2010 non-GAAP EPS should be approximately $2.30.

Our 2010 non-GAAP EPS excludes approximately $48 million of stock-based compensation and related taxes, $41.8 million of the amortization of intangible assets, $15.9 million of fair value adjustments on inventory.

Including these items are GAAP EPS for 2010 would be a loss of approximately $0.86.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call and now we're happy to take questions.

Good afternoon and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems first quarter 2010 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Behrooz Abdi, Executive Vice President.

My name is Katrina, and I will be your operator for today.

All lines have been placed on mute.

Later we will conduct a

Good afternoon and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems second quarter 2010 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Behrooz Abdi, Executive Vice President.

My name is Kianna, and I will be your coordinator for today.

We will conduct a

Good afternoon and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems third quarter 2010 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Behrooz Abdi, Executive Vice President.

My name is Nolelia, and I will be your coordinator for today.

At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode.

We will be facilitating a

Good afternoon and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems fourth quarter 2010 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer and Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Alicia, and I will be your coordinator today.

At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.

We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference.

I would like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, Investor Relations for NetLogic Microsystems.

Thank you, Alicia, and good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our fourth quarter 2010 results were disseminated by BusinessWire after market close today, and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at www.NetLogicMicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the fourth quarter, I would like to point out that during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-KA filed with on March 24, 2010, as well as reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

Additionally, we will be making specific forward-looking statements and providing financial guidance regarding our first quarter 2011 operating results.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes available and other events occur in the future.

Also on the call.

we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP include stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes, changes in contingent earn-out liability, a release of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance and amortization of intangible assets.

These items have been removed from the cost of revenue, operating expenses and income taxes for non-GAAP reporting.

I would now like to turn the call over to Mike Tate to discuss the financial results of the quarter.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported that revenue for the fourth quarter of 2010 was $100.4 million, which was up 44% from last year, and up slightly from the $100.1 million reported in the prior quarter.

Q4 revenues from Cisco Systems, our largest customer, were $25.4 million, or 25% of our total revenue, and was relatively unchanged from Q3.

Revenue from Huawei was $13.9 million, or 14% of our revenues.

The revenue growth with Huawei reflects strong growth in multi-core processor revenue, shipping into advanced mobile wireless equipment.

Revenue from Alcatel Lucent was $10.9 million, or 11% of our Q4 revenues, reflecting strong growth in knowledge-based processors for Edge routing equipment.

During Q4, we enjoyed sequential growth from sales of our products for advanced mobile wireless equipment.

However, this was largely offset by a sequential decline in our Alchemy multimedia product revenues.

In Q4, we continued to enjoy a combination of favorable product mix, as well as strong operational execution, which enabled us to report non-GAAP gross margins at 72.4%.

This compares favorably to our guidance of approximately 69%.

Q4 GAAP operating expenses were $75.1 million, which included $11.6 million of stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes, $900,000 for the amortization of intangible assets, and a $20.6 million charge for an increase in our contingent earn-out liability, payable to the RMI shareholders.

The $20.6 million charge was due to a combination of a higher stock price applied to the shares paid, as well as the final actual revenues achieved coming in at 95.3% of the revenue target, as compared to our prior expectations of 92.4%.

In December, we completed the earn-out payment of $11.5 million in cash, and 2.4 million in shares.

We have now fulfilled our earn out liability.

Total non-GAAP operating expenses for Q4 were $42 million, which was slightly more than our guidance of $41.5 million, driven mostly by increased product development cost.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $28.8 million, and non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses were $13.3 million for Q4.

Our Q4 GAAP tax provision was a benefit of $3.7 million, and our Q4 non-GAAP tax provision was a benefit of $2.1 million.

Both the GAAP and non-GAAP tax provisions include a $3.3 million benefit, due to the reinstatement of the federal R&amp;D tax credit for 2010.

On a GAAP basis, our Q4 net loss was $9.4 million or $0.14 per share.

Non-GAAP net income for Q4 was $32.9 million or $0.45 per share and was $0.09 ahead of our guidance of $0.36.

For Q4, we had fully-diluted shares of 65.2 million on a GAAP basis, and 73.4 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, our cash and investments balance totaled $256.2 million at the end of the quarter, reflecting strong cash flows from operations that were over $46 million over the quarter.

Our accounts receivable was $19.8 million and represented 18 days.

Our ongoing targeted DSOs remains at 35 days.

Inventory decreased 16% from Q3 to end the quarter at $36.3 million, and represented 118 days.

We expect our days of inventory to decline again at the end of Q1, towards our long-term model of 110 days.

This concludes my review of the quarter results.

And now I would like to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

2010 was one of the most successful years in the history of our Company.

With extraordinary execution, we completed the transition of our entire product line to the advanced 40-nanometer process node.

making us one of a very select number of companies to have accomplished this feat.We also delivered on a truly remarkable product roadmap, launching groundbreaking new solutions in our multi-core processing, knowledge-based processing and physical layer product families.

These achievements have given us the strongest competitive positioning we have ever enjoyed, and have allowed us to accelerate our technology development to keep pace with the rapidly evolving architectural imperatives in our industry.

During 2010, we brought to market our XLP processor, the industry's next generation of multi-core processor.

This new architecture is a revolutionary breakthrough for the communications market, dramatically increasing the performance, functionality, and low power profile for advanced infrastructure.

The XLP processor incorporates many significant technological advances, but I would like to specifically highlight seven advances that greatly differentiate the XLP processor from any communications processor in the market today.

The first is its ability to process four instructions per clock cycle, double that of any competing solution.

The second is the communication industry's most advanced out-of-order and speculative execution engine which provides an additional 30% to 40% performance increase.

Third, we have given each core in the processor a dedicated L2 cache memory, and we have added the comm industry's largest L3 cache memory.

Cache memory size and architecture has a very large impact on real-life application performance.

This memory architecture breakthrough is made possible by the use of TSMC's high-density, high-performance 40-nanometer technology.

Fourth, we have delivered the industry's most advanced design for communication between CPU cores and also between CPU cores and comm-specific accelerators, breaking down one of the biggest barriers to multi-core performance.

Fifth, in the XLP, we have added an advanced floating point unit to accelerate complex mathematical calculations.

This will help us go after a broader range of applications that require DSD functionality.

Sixth, the XLP processor has high speeds series I/Os, and 40 integrated accelerators to support data path wire speed performance of 40-gigabits per second, a unique throughput performance profile shipping in the market today.

Seventh, the XLP processor supports a high-performance, low-latency and memory coherent bust, which allows four XLP processors to work together as if they were a single chip, providing 4X the scalability of any competing product.

This creates a unified processing platform of 128 NS CPUs and 160-gigabits of data path throughput capabilities.These seven new breakthroughs are added to our industry-leading quad-threaded architecture, which is already proven in hundreds of XLR and XLS designs to provide a very large performance increase versus single-threaded designs.

Beyond these architectural advancements, the use of 40-nanometer technology allows for core frequencies of up to two gigahertz, which is well beyond competing multi-core solutions.

Equally important, 40-nanometer technology gives us 40% lower power than 65-nanometer, which is vital in advanced telco designs.

After four months of development with our customers, there are now numerous designs in wireless infrastructure, deep-packet processing, storage and enterprise networking, where our customers are validating the dramatic performance increase enabled through all of these CPU innovations.

In actual designs running real live software applications, our customers are reporting to us that they are achieving a three to four times performance increase as compared to any competing solution in the market today.

This dramatic increase in performance also comes with a significantly enhanced power performance profile, driven both by the use of 40-nanometer technology and by the comm industry's most sophisticated solution for dynamic power management.

These results give us clear leadership in multi-core performance.

This comes at an ideal time, as the communications industry struggles to keep pace with the dramatic increase in bandwidth and traffic complexity.

We expect this year to be a record year for multi-core design, as the industry addresses these new requirements.

With the XLP processor, we have the best solution to capitalize on this trend.

In knowledge-based processing, we completed our portfolio of 40-nanometer parts that are specifically designed around the requirements of IPv6 processing.

These parts were originally slated for release in 2011, but customer feedback made it clear that there was an urgent need for this advanced capability.

Through strong engineering execution, we were able to accelerate the development of these parts in 2010, in time to enable significant IPv6 upgrades in switches and routers coming to the market in the next 12 to 18 months.

This great execution will increase our revenue content in these new generation switches and routers.

These knowledge-based processors deliver up to 1.6 billion decisions per second of IPv6 processing, while maintaining compatibility to previous generations of knowledge-based processors, to allow our customers to leverage existing software and ASIC investment, while upgrading to IPv6.

They feature up to 256 high-performance knowledge-based processing engines and increase an enhanced intelligent load-balancing engine to efficiently allocate multiple tasks and an advanced version of our Sahasra algorithmic technology to support low-power operation for complex processing.

This family also features a version with the industry's first high-speed serial interface.

All of these products will be in production in the second half of 2011, when the need for this advanced functionality reaches the critical point.

The allocation of IPv4 addresses is expected to be exhausted this year, resulting in an increase in version six traffic across the enterprise and carrier networks.

Therefore, increasing levels of IPv6 capability is a requirement to retain high levels of performance and to support the four times increase in internet protocol address width.

Google, Yahoo, and Facebook recently announced that they will be testing IPv6 systems on their main website on June 8th, an indicator of the massive preparations currently underway to support this migration.

We believe that our products will play a major role in the IPv6 transition, and that the knowledge-based processor TAM will increase as a greater percentage of traffic converts to the new protocol.

2010 was also a banner year for our physical layer solutions team, who continue to push the envelope of technology innovation.

Thanks to their outstanding achievement, we currently offer the largest portfolio of 40-nanometer solutions, with the highest port density, lowest power and highest functionality for short- and long-range optical, as well as copper.

For very high port-count data center applications, where 48 to 96 ports on a single cart are not uncommon for new designs, the benefit of 40-nanometer technology is truly differentiating in terms of power and performance.

In addition, our ability to support 100-gigabit speeds in low-power CMOS will allow data center, enterprise and high-end telco solutions to reap the next level of performance required for 4G mobile devices and their applications.

Throughout our development in 40-nanometer, our team has also been working in close collaboration with TSMC on 28-nanometer technology.

We recently taped out our first 28-nanometer silicon, underscoring our commitment to staying on the leading edge.

This commitment, coupled with our proven track record of execution, provides enormous value to our customers.

It is the backbone of the deep strategic partnership we share with these customers, as well as the basis for our industry-leading gross margin.

Turning to our markets, we continue to see tremendous opportunity in the wireless infrastructure market, as the expansion of 3G networks and the initial rollout of 4G LTE networks gain momentum worldwide.

Strong growth in smart phones and subscribers, and the growing popularity of tablet devices are growing the need for increased processing power to support exponential growth in web-based services and applications, as well as additional functions, such as traffic-shaping and enhanced security.

AT&amp;T recently announced that it will accelerate the rollout of its LTE network, targeting completion by the end of 2013, and will also increase it, spending on upgrades and expansions to its HSPA-plus network.

Verizon has committed to launching 48 new LTE markets for a total of 140 markets by the end of this year.

European markets are equally competitive, with industry giants such as Vodaphone and Deutsch Telekom vying for a leadership position in LTE.

Similarly, NTT DoCoMo launched its LTE networks in December in three major cities in Japan, and has announced it will continue to invest between $3 billion and $4 billion on its LTE network over the next five years.

Our content increases significantly in LTE equipment, and we have designed an application-spanning common platform base station, base station aggregation, gateway routers, edge routers and the enhanced core.

The proliferation of intelligent mobile devices, and the exponential increase in rich media traffic are also driving architectural changes in data center enterprise networking.

While our revenues in the first part of 2011 from these markets are expected to be somewhat muted given ongoing inventory work downs, we are seeing positive trends in the second half of 2011, and into 2012.

New routers from some of our emerging customers will feature a heavy content of our knowledge-based processors to support the increasing speed and complexity of next generation network, as well as greater IPv6 capability.

One new customer design, expected to ramp in the second half of the year, will incorporate up to 18 of our knowledge-based processors per line card with as many as 16 line cards per box.

This new design is an example of how the strain on Internet infrastructure has been driving increased content of knowledge-based processing.

Further, the adoption of 10-gigabit ethernet capability in the data center continues to gain momentum, and 10-gig E dramatically increases network bandwidth to support these new applications.

In physical layer devices, quad-core technology, viable on the 40-nanometer process node is rapidly becoming a critical competitive requirement.

This bodes very well for our advanced product portfolio, as the number of 10-gigabit ethernet port shipments appears poised for strong growth over the next several years.

In closing, 2010 was a remarkable year of execution for NetLogic Microsystems.

We migrated our full product line to 40-nanometer technology, including several IPv6 knowledge-based processors, 10-, 40-, and 100-gigabit size, and we launched the revolutionary XLP multi-core processor.

These new products build on our strong track record for success which gives us a tremendous advantage in the competitive landscape and solidifies our reputation as a technology leader in our industry.

These achievements are especially gratifying as we are at the advent of very compelling technology trends that will drive the need for our most advanced solutions for many years to come.

I want to express my gratitude to all of our employees for achieving this remarkable feat, and I look forward to working together to execute equally strong in 2011.

Further, I want to thank our valued customers, partners, and investors for their continued support and interest in our company.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the first quarter.

And then we'll open up the call for your questions.

As we look into Q1, it continues to be our expectation that we will experience some inventory rebalancing, primarily with our knowledge-based processors for enterprise applications.

We believe this will be offset by growth in knowledge-based processors for wireless equipment as well as our 10-gigabit ethernet products.

Given this view, we believe our first-quarter revenues will be essentially flat from the Q4 levels.

We expect our non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately 70%, reflecting continued favorable product mix.

We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses to decrease to approximately $41.5 million, non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses to be approximately $27.8 million, and non-GAAP SG&amp;A to be approximately $13.7 million.

We estimate interest and other income to be near $0.

We expect our income tax expense to be approximately 7.5% of our non-GAAP income before taxes.

We expect our non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter to be $0.36 per share.

We expect our GAAP EPS for the first quarter to be $0.05 per share.

This includes an estimated $11.5 million in stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes, and $11.6 million in the amortization of intangible assets.

We expect our non-GAAP share count to be approximately 74.5 million and our GAAP share count to be approximately 72.7 million shares.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call.

And now we're happy to take questions.

Good afternoon, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems first-quarter 2011 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Jeremy, and I'll be your coordinator for today.

At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode.

Later, we will conduct a

Good afternoon and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems second-quarter 2011 financial results conference call.

Leading the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Tate, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Nick Aberle, senior director of IR and corporate affairs.

My name is Jennifer and I will be your coordinator for today.

Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the call over to Leslie Green, investor relations for NetLogic Microsystems.

Thank you, Jennifer, and good afternoon, everyone.

Please note that our second-quarter 2011 results were disseminated by Business Wire after market close today and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started with our financial results for the second quarter I'd like to point out that during the course of this conference call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, please see today's earnings release, the risk factors in our Form 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC, as well as other reports the Company files from time to time with the SEC.

Additionally, we will be making specific forward-looking statements and providing financial guidance for our third quarter of 2011 operating results.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the Company undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on the call we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's release.

The reconciling items between GAAP and non-GAAP includes stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes, changes in contingent earn-out liability, amortization of intangible assets, fair-value adjustments related to acquired inventory and related tax effects, acquisition-related costs, a gain recognized on an investment in Optichron, and an impairment charge on another investment.

These items have been removed from the costs of revenue, operating expenses and income taxes for non-GAAP reporting.

I will now turn the call over to Mike Tate to discuss the financial results in the quarter.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Today we reported that revenue for the second quarter of 2011 was up 5.1% sequentially to $103.7 million compared with $98.7 million reported in the prior quarter.

This was in line with our previous guidance of 5% quarterly growth.

In the quarter, we saw a significant inventory work down at several enterprise customers and Alcatel-Lucent.

Offsetting this inventory correction were record revenues for our multi-core processors that helped us achieve our quarter over quarter growth.

Furthermore, incremental sales from our newly-acquired digital printed processors actually exceeded our initial expectations, as ZTE adopted the technology across a broad portfolio of wireless infrastructure products at a pace that was much faster than originally estimated at the time of the acquisition.

In Q2, customers that represented at least 10% of the total revenues included Cisco Systems at 21%, Huawei at 15% and ZTE at 13%.

In Q2, we had a rich product mix with another strong quarter of revenues from our advanced products used in mobile wireless infrastructure.

This, combined with the continued strong operational execution, enabled us to report non-GAAP gross margins at 75.1%.

This compared favorably to our guidance of approximately 71%.

Q2 GAAP operating expenses were $100.3 million, which included $15.9 million of stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes, $1.3 million for the amortization of intangible assets, $1.4 million for acquisition-related costs and a charge of $36.7 million to increase our contingent earn-out liability to the shareholders of Optichron.

The $36.7 million charge for the increase in the Optichron earn-out is due to an increase in our forecast for the Optichron product revenues between the time of the close of the acquisition and the end of Q2.

Total non-GAAP operating expenses for Q2 were $45 million compared with $41.5 million for Q1.

The increase in operating expenses reflects the costs of the Optichron operations.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses were $29.7 million and non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses were $15.3 million for Q2.

Our Q2 GAAP tax provision was a benefit of $1.5 million and our Q2 non-GAAP tax benefit was $700,000.

On a GAAP basis, our Q2 net loss was $35.2 million, or $0.51 per diluted share.

Non-GAAP net income for Q2 was $33.7 million, or $0.45 per share and was $0.08 ahead of our guidance of $0.37 per share.

For Q2, we had fully-diluted shares of 68.6 million on a GAAP basis and 75.4 million on a non-GAAP basis.

With respect to the balance sheet, our cash and investment balance totaled $219.2 million at the end of the quarter.

During the quarter, we paid $75 million in net cash as part of the acquisition of Optichron.

Q2 cash provided by operations was $38.8 million during the quarter.

Our accounts receivable was $41 million and represented 35 days and our ongoing target DSOs remains at 35 days.

Inventory at the end of Q2 increased to $37.1 million from $33 million at the end of Q1.

The increase in inventory was built to support our growing business levels, as well as to provide some buffer given supply concerns following the Japan earthquake in March.

We are now comfortable with our level of inventory and supply capacity and we will begin to work our inventory back down to our target of 110 days.

This concludes my review of the quarterly results and now I'd lake to turn the call over to Ron.

Thank you, Mike.

With continued positive trends in the wireless infrastructure market, we are seeing healthy demand for our product and a renewed acceleration of our top-line growth.

Our multi-core processors posted a record revenue in Q2 and we expect to see continued strong results in the second half of the year.

We're also beginning early stage volume ramps of our NL10k and NL11k knowledge-based processor optimized for handling internet protocol version 6 traffic, or IPv6.

The design, development and launch of these products have been one of the fastest in our Company's history and I'm extremely proud of our team's ability to respond to customer requirements and accelerate our product roadmap as industry imperatives evolve.

Our product development continues an accelerated pace across all of our product families, which we believe is driving a sizable expansion of our TAM and significant growth opportunities over the next several years.

Turning to our knowledge-based processor, we continue to see strong design activity for our NL10k and NL11k families, which have been specifically optimized for native IPv6 processing.

We expect to see several of these designs launched in the near term and look for many more platforms to ramp over the next 18 months, as carrier infrastructure is upgraded to handle a greater percentage of IPv6 traffic.

A great example of our design win success is our recent announcement that Alcatel-Lucent is leveraging our next-generation technology to achieve 400-gigabit per second throughput with its new flex path free processor.

While working closely with Alcatel's engineering team, we were able to optimize the architecture and instruction set of our knowledge-based processor to assure that working together with the FP3, the solution is able to achieve the extraordinary performance target of processing native IPv6 traffic at the highest data rate yet demonstrated.

The advanced capabilities of our NL10k and NL11k devices extend our leadership in processing layer 4 classification, as well as opening up significant incremental opportunities for layer 3, packet forwarding.

Historically, forwarding, which represents about half of the total tamper search processing, has been handled mostly by algorithmic-based solutions most specifically in house by our customers and incorporated into their [asynx] with the use of external memory.

However, with the increased complexity of IPv6 packet forwarding and network speed, our customers are finding their advanced knowledge-based processors offer higher levels of performance and power efficiency relative to these algorithmic-based designs.

As a result, we are seeing a strong increase in dollar content for our system as our customers utilize our KDPs to incrementally handle more of the forwarding tasks.

Enhanced architectural features of these devices make them ideally suited to address this market opportunity in several ways.

First, by designing a 40-nanometer we were able to more than triple the knowledge-base density compared with a 65-nanometer design.

This dramatically increased the search processing capability, which is especially important in addressing the 4X increase in packet header length associated with the introduction of IPv6 Second, we've incorporated our ground-breaking, next-generation Shastra algorithmic engine, which is 5 times more efficient than earlier generation in terms of power and performance.

This advanced algorithmic architecture is the result of more than 10 years of significant R&amp;D investment and is optimized for the efficient handling of IPv6 addresses.

Third, the NL11k features a high-speed serial interface that delivers 5 to 10 times the amount of raw chip-to-chip interconnect bandwidth, allowing customers to eliminate an entire bank of external DRAM or RLDRAM memory, which lowers costs and reduces power while maximizing board space and potentially saving hundreds of pins on an A6 or MDU.

In total, these advancements represent a significant benefit to our customers, enabling increased speed and throughput of IPv6 searches, decreased system power per search, a dramatic increase in I/O bandwidth per pin.

With a highly-competitive offering for IPv6 forwarding, we have a great opportunity to participate more meaningfully in the other half of the search processing TAM.

As a result, we believe that we will see incremental market share gains over time against (inaudible) solution as the migration to IPv6 plays out.

Turning to our physical layer solution, our 40-nanometer quad-port 10-gigabit PHYs continue to lead the industry in terms of performance, functionality and low-power profile.

These advantages are driving a record number of design wins and we are now qualified at virtually all of the tier 1 accounts.

We are primed to benefit from the data center and network upgrade to 10-gig over the next several years.

Turning to our multi-core products.

As our XLR and XLS processors continue to see revenue growth, we are also experiencing increased momentum in design wins for our XLT processors, as customers across a variety of market segments are recognizing the advantage of the revolutionary architecture of our XLT processors.

The combination of its highly-scalable, multi-threaded design, quad issue capability and best-in-class tri-level pass make the XLT processor Ideally suited for data plane applications that are inherently performance driven and sensitive to memory latency.

All of these features of the data board execution, advanced floating point engine and sophisticated branch handling, make it an equally powerful solution for control point application and [where] single-core speed and the ability to handle large amounts of complex codes covering a wide range communication protocols are critical.

When the XLT processor was first launched in October, we offered 32 to 128 (inaudible) solutions that were largely focused on high-end data plane applications.

Over the last 6 months, we've introduced four additional products to our XLT processor family, including one that is optimized for LTE and LTE advanced bay station, another for DPAC and inspection and security, and a third solution specifically for SAN and mass storage.

These solutions enable us to penetrate a much wider variety of applications in the higher-volume mainstream segment of the data plane market.

We also announced our first dedicated control playing processor that provides an entry point into the significantly-larger control plane market where we have historically had minimal participation.

As a result, we believe that our CAM, addressed by our XLT processors, has now grown from addressing 500 million at the end of 2010 to more than 2 billion today.

We are very pleased to report that all 5 of these products are now shipping to multiple tier 1 customers, and we are achieving broad customer acceptance and winning significant designs at tier 1 customers in all major geographies and across multiple market segments, including wireless and wireline networking, storage and security.

This is especially impressive considering the relatively short period of time that the XLT processors have been sampling.

During this time, we have won numerous data plate designs in 3G, 4G, mobile gateways, bay stations, radio network controllers, layer 7 security appliances, high-end storage and media gateways, as well as a host of control plane designs in data center switches, routers, services cards and enterprise switches.

For example, in the enterprise market, we recently closed control plain design wins for XLT processor with 3 tier 1 networking customers for 24 to 48-port 10-gig PHY switches.

In wireless infrastructure we have secured multiple design wins across our XLT processor family in applications, such as next-generation WCDMA, WiMAX, LTE and (inaudible) platform bay stations, and several 3G, 4G, LTE gateway systems designed to drive 48 throughput in the mobile packet network.

We also recently won significant designs in the optical transport space, providing advanced ethernet and IP services.

And for the first time we've penetrated the network core.

We won a design in a tier 1 for a router platform in which our XLP processor is the heart of the advanced services play.

In the storage space we secured a number of design wins for SAN and NAS applications.

In the security market we won key designs with multiple major appliance OEMs for our high-end XLP processor and next-generation enterprise-class solutions that provide firewall, IPF and web filtering, and we have significant engagement for recently shipping XLP316S processor, which incorporates our layer 7 DPAC and inspection technology and broadens our reach into the high-volume segment of the security market.

In total, we are amassing an impressive portfolio designed for our XLP multi-core processor family with the initial products we have introduced to date.

We will continue to expand the XLP processor family with our next product introductions based on 28-nanometer process node.

We expect that these products will increase our technological leadership and will further expand our addressable market.

With regards to our 28-nanometer development, we are very pleased to report that we currently had Silicon in house to demonstrate the key high-speed circuit elements of our 28-nanometer technology.

This is the result of 2.5 years of intense R&amp;D and primes us for the launch of next-generation knowledge-based processors, multi-core processors, physical layer products and digital front-end processors on the 28-nanometer node.

We currently have over 75% of our R&amp;D teams working on this advanced geometry and expect to announce our first products later this year.

Finally, turning to Optichron.

Since the close of our acquisition in Q2, we have been very pleased by the interest in this highly-differentiated, breakthrough solution that we believe will be critical in enabling technology for advanced wireless infrastructure.

This innovative digital front-end processor significantly improves the costs and power profile of wireless bay stations, while maximizing ROI for service providers by delivering unparalleled performance in signal and instantaneous bandwidth and lower power compared with in-house and competing solutions.

During the quarter, our largest DSC customer greatly expanded the use of this product from specific specialty high-end boxes to a wide range of products across its portfolio.

This underscores both the strategic nature of this technology, as well as our long-standing positive relationship as trusted supplier.

Additionally, another tier 1 wireless infrastructure customer is already completing new designs utilizing our technology and we expect that they will ramp production next year.

We are currently engaged with all of the tier one players in the space who now have our solution in their laps for evaluation and we are excited about the positive responses to date.

In closing, over the last 2 years we have focused tremendous effort on expanding our product and technology portfolio in order to address a wider market for our solutions.

Thanks to outstanding execution in 2010 and 2011, we have now brought to market a broad array of new, industry-leading products, including 40-nanometer knowledge-based processors, multi-core processors in 10-gigabit PHY, as well as our new entries in digital front-end processors.

These new products have significantly enhanced our competitive position and greatly expanded our forward-looking TAM.

These products are positioned strongly in front of some very exciting market transitions, including the adoption of IPv6, the move to multi-core processors, the industry migration to 10-gigabit ethernet and next-generation LTE infrastructure build out, all of which we believe provide us long-term growth for many years to come.

At this point, I will turn the call back over to Mike to discuss guidance for the third quarter then we'll open up the call for your questions.

As we look into Q3, we believe the inventory correction cycle that has been a revenue headwind over the past 3 quarters is now largely finished, allowing us to ship more in line with end-market consumption.

Furthermore, we believe that Company-specific catalysts, such as new product ramps, including our NL 10,000 and NL 11,000 knowledge based processors, which drive increasing content per platform with the move to IPv6 should help drive our growth.

With this, we believe our Q3 revenues will grow between 3% to 5% compared with the previous quarter.

With an expectation of an increased mix of the products for the enterprise markets, we expect our non-GAAP gross margins to be approximately 72%.

We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses to range between $46.5 million and $47.5 million.

Non-GAAP R&amp;D expenses are expected to be between $31.3 million and $32.1 million, and non-GAAP SG&amp;A expenses are expected to be between $15.2 million and $15.4 million.

We estimate interest and other income to be near $0.

We expect our income tax expense to be approximately 5% of our non-GAAP income before taxes.

We expect our non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter to be between $0.38 to $0.39 per share.

We expect our GAAP EPS for the third quarter to be a net loss of $0.01 per share.

This includes an estimated $15.2 million in stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes and $14.5 million in the amortization of intangible assets.

We expect our non-GAAP share count to be approximately 76 million shares, and we expect our GAAP share count to be approximately 69.3 million shares.

This concludes our prepared remarks for the call and now we're happy to take questions.

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NetLogic Microsystems Second Quarter 2004 Earnings Call.

On the call today are Ron Jankov, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Don Witmer, Chief Financial Officer.

My name is Bill, and I will be your coordinator for today.

At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.

We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference.

If at any time during the call, you require assistance, please press "star" followed by "zero" and a coordinator will be happy to assist you.

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Don Witmer, Chief Financial Officer.

Please proceed, sir.

Good afternoon, everyone.

Welcome to NetLogic Microsystems first earnings conference call as a public company.

We're pleased to share our second quarter 2004 results with you today.

Please note that our second quarter results were disseminated via Business Wire after market close today and a copy of the release can be downloaded from our website at www.netlogicmicro.com.

Before we get started, I would like to point out that during the course of this conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events, that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.

Actual results and trends may differ materially from historical results or those projected in any such forward-looking statements depending on a variety of factors.

These factors include, but are not limited to, customer acceptance and demand for our products, the volume of sales to our principal product customers, manufacturing yields for our products, the timing of manufacture and delivery of product by our foundry suppliers, the length of our sales cycles, our average selling prices, the strength of the OEM networking equipment market and the cyclical nature of that market and the semiconductor industry.

For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see "Risk Factors" in the Company's registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, as well as other reports that NetLogic Microsystems files from time-to-time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-Q that we expect to file in August.

All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and NetLogic Microsystems undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Also on this call, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures.

The complete reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information is in today's earnings release.

I'll start off by reviewing an agenda for this call.

First, Ron will provide an update on our business and discuss some of our recent operational milestones.

And then he will provide his thoughts on market trends and our prospects for the rest of the year.

Next, I will go through the financials in more detail and provide some guidance for the third quarter.

And then, we will open up the call for your questions.

So at this point, I will turn the call over to Ron.

The second quarter was an excellent quarter.

In addition to completing of our initial public offering, we experienced rapid revenue growth, improvement in product margins and significant progress towards reaching profitability.

Also our breakthrough product, the knowledge-based processor, enjoyed increasing success in the marketplace, further validating the power of our proprietary architecture.

I would like to highlight some of our recent accomplishments.

First, our knowledge-based processors continue to win new designs in the most demanding application.

During Q2, we closed on five new design wins at "Top 20" networking OEMs.

Using a very conservative metric, we only declare a design win once we have received significant revenue orders for systems that are within six to twelve months of volume production.

Three of the new design wins support multiple 10 GigE ports, increasing our design-win leadership in this rapidly growing segment.

The other two design wins were for a multiple port 2.5 Gig router, which supports a very high-level of security and quality of service and an advanced security system, which supports thousands of VPNs.

Design engagements, where customers are actively designing with our products, but for which we've not yet received significant revenue orders, continue to grow at a multiple of design wins.

Second, we have received initial production from TSMC's 0.13-micron logic process technology on 300-millimeter wafers.

We anticipate production on 300-millimeter wafers will lower our unit silicon cost and enhance our gross margins starting in the first half of 2005.

Our knowledge-based processors are designed using TSMC's industry leading high-speed low power LV logic process, incorporating seven layers of high-speed copper interconnect.

This provides us with the fastest and lowest power fabrication technology, giving our product a significant advantage over memory process-based designs using aluminum interconnect.

Third, we see sequential growth in all three of our major end markets.

These end markets are Enterprise Switches and Routers, Telecom and IP Infrastructure, and Broadband Access.

We define the Broadband Access market to include Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexers, Cable-Modem Termination Systems and other broadband access multiplexers for Ethernet aggregation and Fiber-to-the-Premises aggregation.

Fourth, we recently shipped our 100,000 knowledge-based processor, a remarkable achievement considering that only a few thousand of these chips had shipped to the middle of last year.

Adding to this sales momentum, two new systems were launched during the quarter using our knowledge-based processors, one each from our two largest customers, Cisco and Hitachi.

This brings total systems in volume production to seven.

Now, I'd like to talk about trends and our customer base.

During Q2, we saw acceleration in four important trends at our customer base, all of which, we believe will positively impact our business for the remainder of this year and into 2005.

First, our customers are designing and shipping an increasing percentage of systems and line cards to support higher bandwidth such as 10 GigE and OC 192 from leading OEMs such as Cisco, Hitachi, Extreme Networks.

Second, these new we designs include much greater support for advanced security features such as Virtual Private Network and advanced quality of service for Voice Over IP and high quality streaming audio and video.

Third, OEMs are moving to support Internet Protocol Version 6 a faster rate than previously anticipate.

IPv6 requires four times the processing power of IPv4, and therefore require the performance features of multiple pipeline parallel processing, another architectural enhancement of our knowledge-based processors.

The fourth trend is that enterprises and service providers are pushing our OEM customers to switch more quickly from shipping their previous generation systems to shipping new Next-Gen systems that support the most advanced features and higher bandwidth.

The reason that we will benefit from this trend is because of our breakthrough architecture.

Knowledge-based processors deliver significant differentiation in the most demanding networking and communication applications.

Our use of high-speed logic design in our advanced multiple pipeline architecture can process up to four Layer-4 tasks simultaneously, allowing for the real-time processing of routing, security, quality of service and transaction billing all at 10 Gig wire speed.

Total processing performance is up to 500 million decisions per second, enabling key Next-Gen Internet features such as Voice Over IP and video on demand.

This high-speed architecture also help support thousands of VPNs in hardware, as well as providing the processing capability for other broadband security features, whereas you can see we've achieved many important sales and operational milestones, and we remain positive in our outlook for our business over the rest of 2004.

We're also gratified that the proceeds of our public offering will enable us to support our customers more effectively on a product supply basis as they began to ramp up volume production of their system.

Our second quarter was a very exciting one for us.

I am pleased with our -- and I'm pleased with our accomplishment.

We are still at the very early stages of the widespread adoption of our knowledge-based processors.

I want to assure you that our entire team remains fully focused and fully committed to realizing this opportunity as quickly and as effectively as we can.

At this point, I will turn the call back to our CFO, Don Witmer to review the results of the second quarter and give you financial guidance for the third quarter.

Then he'll open up the call for your questions.

I'll now review our second quarter 2004 financial results.

Please note that I'll report results on our pro forma and GAAP basis.

Reconciling items between GAAP and pro forma are stock-based compensation, which is removed from the operating expense line for pro forma reporting.

And expenses associated with the convertible promissory notes that had a beneficial conversion feature, which has been moved from the interest expense line for pro forma reporting.

Revenue for the second quarter was 11.9 million an approximately 44% increase over Q1 2004.

The primary driver of second quarter revenue growth was the ramp in shipments of the company's knowledge-based processors.

Product revenue was 11.250 million of the 11.9 million.

The 11.250 million is an increase of approximately 45% over the first quarter 2004. Business momentum and design wins, as Ron said remain strong.

Second quarter gross profit was 5.5 million or 46.6% of revenue including non-recurring engineering revenue.

Although we may experience from non-recurring engineering revenue in the future, we continue to focus on product revenue and gross margin from product sales.

Product gross margin was 4,915,000 of the 5.5 million and improved from 28.3% to 43.7%.

This improvement in gross margin was driven by yield improvements and we are on plan.

The yields this year that we've experience in late 2003 is well behind that.

Final impact of the yield issue was dealt in Q1 as we shift 2.7 million of product at zero margin.

In Q2 we shift the second version of these product to Cisco and yields are now on track with what we expected.

We continued to drive ongoing yield improvements.

For example, we have converted the TSMC line to our third version of these products.

We'll take about one quarter to move this product through the line but we will begin to see a gross margin benefit of this version in late Q3.

Pro forma operating expenses, expenses, which excludes stock based compensation for the first and second quarters were 6 million as compared to 5.6 million in Q1.

Research and development expenses increases to 4.4 million in Q2 from 4.1 million in Q1.

Due to product qualifications, associated with bringing a number of new design wins into production.

SG&amp;A expenses were basically flat from Q1 to Q2.

On a GAAP basis, operating expenses were 7.3 million in Q2 as compared to 7.9 million in Q1.

Effected by stock based compensation expense of 1.3 million in Q2 and 2.3 million in Q1.

The pro forma operating loss for the second quarter was approximately $481,000 down from the loss of 2.9 million in Q1.

On a GAAP basis, operating loss from the second quarter was 1.7 million, down from the loss of 5.2 million in the prior quarter.

Interest and other expense for the second quarter increased to 1.2 million from 221,000 in Q1 due primarily to a non-cash charge associated with the promissory notes that were subsequently paid off in July, the proceeds from our IPO.

As required by GAAP to many approximately 2.5 million exact from the amortization of these notes will be a non-cash charge to interest expense in Q3.

Second quarter pro forma net loss was 741,000 or 20 cents per share on a GAAP basis.

On our GAAP basis, our Q2 2004 net loss was 2.9 million or 78 cents a share.

Q1 pro forma net loss was 3.2 million or 92 cents per share on a GAAP basis or Q1 2004 net loss was 5.4 million or $1.58 per share.

In regard to the balance sheet, our accounts receivable of 2.4 million at the end of June calculate to 35 days sales out standing.

Inventory was 8.8 million net up from 7.1 million in Q1.

This is planned investment in product supply to meet customer's demand in our rapid growth of sales.

We have subsequent to the IPO paid off our debt and working capital line, our cash position as of the end of July was approximately $36 million.

And today we have a clean balance sheet with no debt.

Now I would like to review our guidance for the third quarter of 2004.

Regarding revenues, we anticipate Q3 2004 product revenue to be in the range of 9% to 11% higher in Q2's product revenue.

Do not anticipate any non-recurring engineering revenue in Q3.

We anticipate gross margin improvements on product sales of more than 1% for the third quarter gain gross margin to the 45% range.

As we've discussed, driving higher yield in successive production versions of our products, improves our gross margins and we continue to execute on plan.

During the second quarter we sampled, verified and loaded the line for the third version of the product for Cisco.

We're on track to begin shipments in late Q3 and then convert to volume shipments of this version in the fourth quarter.

For our other OEM customers, our redesigned and improved knowledge-based processors will also see volume production in 2004.

Operating expenses including deferred compensation expenses will be more in line in Q1 in many of the product quilts we completed in Q2.

In Q3, we expect further improvement in the bottom line.

Pro forma net loss of 741,000 in Q2 will improve the loss in the range of $50,000 to $150,000 in Q3.

To combine, the GAAP requires to take a onetime 2.5 million non-cash charge to interest expense for the acceleration, for the amortization discount on the promissory notes that were paid off in July.

That concludes our prepared remarks for the call, and at this point, we would be happy to answer any questions.

